Acidmaw	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	7 	4 	2 	
Whenever another minion takes damage, destroy it. With the help of his trusty sidekick Dreadscale, the giant jormungar Acidmaw is ready to face any knight!
Alexstrasza's Champion	Rare	Minion	General	 Warrior	2 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, gain +1 Attack and Charge. "Put more spikes on her. No, more spikes. What part of 'more spikes' do you not understand? MORE SPIKES!" - Alexstrasza
Ancestral Knowledge	Common	Spell		 Shaman	2 			
Draw 2 cards. Overload: (2) MOMMMMMYYYYYYYYY!!!
Anub'arak	Legendary	Minion	General	 Rogue	9 	8 	4 	
Deathrattle: Return this to your hand and summon a 4/4 Nerubian. Was actually a pretty nice guy before, you know, the whole Lich King thing.
Arcane Blast	Epic	Spell		 Mage	1 			
Deal 2 damage to a minion. This spell gets double bonus from Spell Damage. Now with 100% more blast!
Argent Horserider	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	1 	
Charge
Argent Lance	Rare	Weapon		 Paladin	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Reveal a minion in each deck. If yours costs more, +1 Durability. The stripes make it look like a candy cane, but we recommend against licking it.
Argent Watchman	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	4 	
Can't attack. Inspire: Can attack as normal this turn. Who argent watches the Argent Watchman?
Armored Warhorse	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Any	4 	5 	3 	
Battlecry: Reveal a minion in each deck. If yours costs more, gain Charge. Yep. It's a horse... wearing armor... going to war.
Astral Communion	Epic	Spell		 Druid	4 			
Gain 10 Mana Crystals. Discard your hand. Hey! Moon! Can I have some mana crystals?
Aviana	Legendary	Minion	General	 Druid	10 	5 	5 	
Your minions cost (1). Call her "Tweety". She'll find it real funny. I PROMISE.
Ball of Spiders	Rare	Spell		 Hunter	6 			
Summon three 1/1 Webspinners. "THEY'RE EVERYWHERE GET THEM OFF!!!" - Everyone
Bash	Common	Spell		 Warrior	3 			
Deal 3 damage.
Bear Trap	Common	Spell		 Hunter	2 			
Secret: After your hero is attacked, summon a 3/3 Bear with Taunt. You'll never guess what's in that conveniently bear-sized, bear-smelling box.
Beneath the Grounds	Epic	Spell		 Rogue	3 			
Shuffle 3 Ambushes into your opponent's deck. When drawn, you summon a 4/4 Nerubian. Can you hold these eggs for just a second? I promise they're not full of giant enraged undead spider things.
Bolf Ramshield	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	6 	3 	9 	
Whenever your hero takes damage, this minion takes it instead. Bolf keeps coming in 2nd at the Grand Tournament. It might be his year this year, if Lebron doesn't enter.
Bolster	Common	Spell		 Warrior	2 			
Give your Taunt minions +2/+2. The best offense is a good defense.
Boneguard Lieutenant	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	3 	2 	
Inspire: Gain +1 Health. Underneath all that impressive armor, he's just skin and bones. Okay, maybe just bones.
Brave Archer	Common	Minion	General	 Hunter	1 	2 	1 	
Inspire: If your hand is empty, deal 2 damage to the enemy hero. This is a "bearly" concealed reference.
Buccaneer	Common	Minion	Pirate	 Rogue	1 	2 	1 	
Whenever you equip a weapon, give it +1 Attack. The best part of buccaneering is the pants.
Burgle	Rare	Spell		 Rogue	3 			
Add 2 random class cards to your hand (from your opponent's class). Yoink!
Captured Jormungar	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	7 	5 	9 	
You can keep him, but you have to promise to feed him and clean out his tank every day!
Charged Hammer	Epic	Weapon		 Shaman	4 	2 	4 	
Deathrattle: Your Hero Power becomes 'Deal 2 damage.' You can only pick it up if you are worthy.
Chillmaw	Legendary	Minion	Dragon	 Any	7 	6 	6 	
Taunt
Clockwork Knight	Common	Minion	Mech	 Any	5 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Give a friendly Mech +1/+1. It takes a lot to wind him up.
Coldarra Drake	Epic	Minion	Dragon	 Mage	6 	6 	6 	
You can use your Hero Power any number of times. The Grand Tournament has a "No dragons allowed" policy, but it's rarely enforced.
Coliseum Manager	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	5 	
Inspire: Return this minion to your hand. Meets monthly with the gladiators to discuss career goals.
Competitive Spirit	Rare	Spell		 Paladin	1 			
Secret: When your turn starts, give your minions +1/+1. Competition can be an inspiration to improve oneself. Or kill all the competitors.
Confessor Paletress	Legendary	Minion	General	 Priest	7 	5 	4 	
Inspire: Summon a random Legendary minion. She sees into your past and makes you face your fears. Most common fear: Getting Majordomo out of Sneed's Old Shredder.
Confuse	Epic	Spell		 Priest	2 			
Swap the Attack and Health of all minions. This minion is really powerful!
Convert	Rare	Spell		 Priest	2 			
Put a copy of an enemy minion into your hand. "Are you interested in... HEALTH benefits?!"
Crowd Favorite	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	4 	4 	4 	
Whenever you play a card with Battlecry, gain +1/+1. The crowd ALWAYS yells lethal.
Cutpurse	Rare	Minion	General	 Rogue	2 	2 	2 	
Whenever this minion attacks a hero, add the Coin to your hand. He has a giant collection of purses now. One for every outfit!
Dalaran Aspirant	Common	Minion	General	 Mage	4 	3 	5 	
Inspire: Gain Spell Damage +1. Is he aspiring or inspiring? Make up your mind!
Dark Bargain	Epic	Spell		 Warlock	6 			
Destroy 2 random enemy minions. Discard 2 random cards. A prime example of lose-lose negotiating.
Darnassus Aspirant	Rare	Minion	General	 Druid	2 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: Gain an empty Mana Crystal. Deathrattle: Lose a Mana Crystal. She loves mana crystals, she hates mana crystals. So fickle!
Demonfuse	Common	Spell		 Warlock	2 			
Give a Demon +3/+3. Give your opponent a Mana Crystal. Very dangerous when attached to a demonbomb.
Draenei Totemcarver	Rare	Minion	General	 Shaman	4 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Gain +1/+1 for each friendly Totem. It's nice to find a real craftsman in this day and age of mass-produced totems.
Dragonhawk Rider	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	3 	
Inspire: Gain Windfury this turn. Check it out. You can do barrel rolls on this thing.
Dreadscale	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	3 	4 	2 	
At the end of your turn, deal 1 damage to all other minions. Let's be clear about this: ACIDMAW is the sidekick.
Dreadsteed	Epic	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	4 	1 	1 	
Deathrattle: At the end of the turn, summon a Dreadsteed. Crescendo himself summoned this steed, riding it to victory in the Grand Tournament. Wherever he rides, an army of riders ride behind him, supporting the legendary champion.
Druid of the Saber	Common	Minion	General	 Druid	2 	2 	1 	
Choose One - Transform into a 2/1 with Charge; or a 3/2 with Stealth. That's saberTEETH, not like curved pirate blades. That's a different kind of druid. Druid of the Curved Pirate Blades.
Eadric the Pure	Legendary	Minion	General	 Paladin	7 	3 	7 	
Battlecry: Change all enemy minions' Attack to 1. Nobody rocks a monocle like Eadric.
Effigy	Rare	Spell		 Mage	3 			
Secret: When a friendly minion dies, summon a random minion with the same Cost. Burning man, brah.
Elemental Destruction	Epic	Spell		 Shaman	3 			
Deal 4-5 damage to all minions. Overload: (5) I'm not a shaman or anything, but isn't Elemental Destruction the opposite of what they want to do?
Enter the Coliseum	Epic	Spell		 Paladin	6 			
Destroy all minions except each player's highest Attack minion. You have to get past the vendors first. So many are lost to shopping...
Evil Heckler	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	5 	4 	
Taunt To be honest, heckling is not the most effective form of evil.
Eydis Darkbane	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	4 	
Whenever you target this minion with a spell, deal 3 damage to a random enemy. HATES being called "the wonder twins".
Fallen Hero	Rare	Minion	General	 Mage	2 	3 	2 	
Your Hero Power deals 1 extra damage. And he can't get up.
Fearsome Doomguard	Common	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	7 	6 	8 	
They were originally called Cuddleguards, but they were not inspiring the proper amount of fear.
Fencing Coach	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: The next time you use your Hero Power, it costs (2) less. Good fencers make good neighbors, right?
Fist of Jaraxxus	Rare	Spell		 Warlock	4 			
When you play or discard this, deal 4 damage to a random enemy. * Not actually Jaraxxus' fist.
Fjola Lightbane	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	4 	
Whenever you target this minion with a spell, gain Divine Shield. LOVES being called "the wonder twins".
Flame Juggler	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: Deal 1 damage to a random enemy. At first he liked juggling chain saws, but then he thought, "Flames are better! Because FIRE!"
Flame Lance	Common	Spell		 Mage	5 			
Deal 8 damage to a minion. It's on the rack next to ice lance, acid lance, and English muffin lance.
Flash Heal	Common	Spell		 Priest	1 			
Restore 5 Health. Flash! Ahhhhhhh~
Frigid Snobold	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	2 	6 	
Spell Damage +1 Ironically, the natural enemy of the snobold is THE CANDLE.
Frost Giant	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	10 	8 	8 	
Costs (1) less for each time you used your Hero Power this game. Don't ask him about the beard. JUST DON'T.
Gadgetzan Jouster	Common	Minion	General	 Any	1 	1 	2 	
Battlecry: Reveal a minion in each deck. If yours costs more, gain +1/+1. It's not HER fault you didn't put a spinning saw blade on your horse.
Garrison Commander	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	3 	
You can use your Hero Power twice a turn. He'll never admit it, but he pushes you hard because he really cares about you.
Gormok the Impaler	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	4 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: If you have at least 4 other minions, deal 4 damage. Gormok has been giving impaling lessons in a small tent near the tournament grounds. For only 25g you too could learn the fine art of impaling!
Grand Crusader	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	6 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Add a random Paladin card to your hand. A veteran of a number of crusades, she is a force for light and goodness. Her latest crusade is against goblin telemarketers.
Healing Wave	Rare	Spell		 Shaman	3 			
Restore 7 Health. Reveal a minion in each deck. If yours costs more, Restore 14 instead. Favored by shaman who study the art of restoration and healing, this spell would feel smug, if it had feelings.
Holy Champion	Common	Minion	General	 Priest	4 	3 	5 	
Whenever a character is healed, gain +2 Attack. She really likes seeing people get better. That's why she hurts them in the first place.
Ice Rager	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Any	3 	5 	2 	
He's a lot cooler than Magma Rager.
Icehowl	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	9 	10 	10 	
Charge
Injured Kvaldir	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	1 	2 	4 	
Battlecry: Deal 3 damage to this minion. Don't worry. With a little skin cream he's going to clear right up.
Justicar Trueheart	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	6 	6 	3 	
Battlecry: Replace your starting Hero Power with a better one. It's like putting racing stripes and a giant spoiler on your hero power.
King's Defender	Rare	Weapon		 Warrior	3 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: If you have a minion with Taunt, gain +1 Durability. "King's Attacker" is a shield. Funny, huh?
King's Elekk	Common	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	2 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Reveal a minion in each deck. If yours costs more, draw it. Elekk jousting is AWESOME.
Knight of the Wild	Rare	Minion	General	 Druid	7 	6 	6 	
Whenever you summon a Beast, reduce the Cost of this card by (1). He gets a discount on the tournament entry fee because he is his own horse.
Kodorider	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	6 	3 	5 	
Inspire: Summon a 3/5 War Kodo. Someone called her a Rhinorider, and she's NOT HAPPY.
Kvaldir Raider	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	4 	
Inspire: Gain +2/+2. Coming soon... to a tuskarr village near you!
Lance Carrier	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	1 	2 	
Battlecry: Give a friendly minion +2 Attack. Lance Carrier is an obscure entry level position in orcish armies. A mystery, since orcs don't generally use lances.
Light's Champion	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	3 	4 	3 	
Battlecry: Silence a Demon. When there's something strange (say, a gibbering demon) in your neighborhood, who are you going to call?
Living Roots	Common	Spell		 Druid	1 			
Choose One - Deal 2 damage; or Summon two 1/1 Saplings. 2 out of 2 saplings recommend that you summon the saplings.
Lock and Load	Epic	Spell		 Hunter	2 			
Each time you cast a spell this turn, add a random Hunter card to your hand. Rexxar narrowed his eyes, grabbed his machine gun, and said: "It's go time. Lock and load."
Lowly Squire	Common	Minion	General	 Any	1 	1 	2 	
Inspire: Gain +1 Attack. But not the lowliest!
Magnataur Alpha	Epic	Minion	General	 Warrior	4 	5 	3 	
Also damages the minions next to whomever he attacks. Playing him also gets you into the Magnataur Beta.
Maiden of the Lake	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	2 	6 	
Your Hero Power costs (1). Not a good basis for a system of government.
Master Jouster	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	6 	5 	6 	
Battlecry: Reveal a minion in each deck. If yours costs more, gain Taunt and Divine Shield. Needs just a few more ratings points to become Grandmaster Jouster.
Master of Ceremonies	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	3 	4 	2 	
Battlecry: If you have a minion with Spell Damage, gain +2/+2. Goes by "MC ElfyElf".
Mogor's Champion	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	6 	8 	5 	
50% chance to attack the wrong enemy. This champion has learned from the best. Except for his target selection.
Mukla's Champion	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	5 	4 	3 	
Inspire: Give your other minions +1/+1. An elegant gorilla, for a more civilized age.
Mulch	Epic	Spell		 Druid	3 			
Destroy a minion.
Murloc Knight	Common	Minion	Murloc	 Paladin	4 	3 	4 	
Inspire: Summon a random Murloc. Hee hee! Look at his cute little feet.
Mysterious Challenger	Epic	Minion	General	 Paladin	6 	6 	6 	
Battlecry: Put one of each Secret from your deck into the battlefield. He may sound surly and antisocial, but he's actually just really shy.
Nexus-Champion Saraad	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	5 	
Inspire: Add a random spell to your hand. The ethereals have their own jousting tournament, and Saraad is the reigning champion. Also he won the ethereal hot dog eating contest.
North Sea Kraken	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	9 	9 	7 	
Battlecry: Deal 4 damage. You have no idea how tired this guy is of being released.
Orgrimmar Aspirant	Common	Minion	General	 Warrior	3 	3 	3 	
Inspire: Give your weapon +1 Attack. "Four out of three orcs struggle with math." - Angry Zurge
Pit Fighter	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	5 	6 	
What did the pits ever do to you?
Poisoned Blade	Epic	Weapon		 Rogue	4 	1 	3 	
Your Hero Power gives this weapon +1 Attack instead of replacing it. How much more poisoned can a blade get? The answer is a lot. A lot more poisoned.
Polymorph: Boar	Rare	Spell		 Mage	3 			
Transform a minion into a 4/2 Boar with Charge. It's always Huffer.
Power Word: Glory	Common	Spell		 Priest	1 			
Choose a minion. Whenever it attacks, restore 4 Health to your hero. The promise of glory is a powerful tool to get minions to do your bidding. Only slightly less powerful than the promise of an ice cream bar!
Powershot	Rare	Spell		 Hunter	3 			
Deal 2 damage to a minion and the minions next to it. pow POW pow
Ram Wrangler	Rare	Minion	General	 Hunter	5 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: If you have a Beast, summon a random Beast. Not getting trampled is really the trick here.
Recruiter	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	5 	5 	4 	
Inspire: Add a 2/2 Squire to your hand. Join the Argent Crusade! We have attractive tabards and you get to carry really nice swords!
Refreshment Vendor	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	5 	
Battlecry: Restore 4 Health to each hero. Menu: Funnel cakes, carrots, popcorn, jormungar steaks. It's hard serving a diverse clientele.
Rhonin	Legendary	Minion	General	 Mage	8 	7 	7 	
Deathrattle: Add 3 copies of Arcane Missiles to your hand. A masterless shamurai.
Saboteur	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	3 	4 	3 	
Battlecry: Your opponent's Hero Power costs (5) more next turn. Listen all y'all it's a saboteur!
Savage Combatant	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Druid	4 	5 	4 	
Inspire: Give your hero +2 Attack this turn. Maybe if you whistle a tune it will soothe him. Yeah... Try that.
Sea Reaver	Epic	Minion	General	 Warrior	6 	6 	7 	
When you draw this, deal 1 damage to your minions. A little better than Sea Minus Reaver.
Seal of Champions	Common	Spell		 Paladin	3 			
Give a minion +3 Attack and Divine Shield. "Arf! Arf! Arf!" - Seal of Champions
Shado-Pan Rider	Common	Minion	General	 Rogue	5 	3 	7 	
Combo: Gain +3 Attack. He needed a break after that business in the Vale of Eternal Blossoms. Naturally, he chose to spend his vacation in an icy snowscape killing monsters.
Shadowfiend	Epic	Minion	General	 Priest	3 	3 	3 	
Whenever you draw a card, reduce its Cost by (1). Hopes to be promoted to "Shadowfriend" someday.
Shady Dealer	Rare	Minion	General	 Rogue	3 	4 	3 	
Battlecry: If you have a Pirate, gain +1/+1. I have great deal for you... for 4 damage to your face!
Sideshow Spelleater	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	6 	6 	5 	
Battlecry: Copy your opponent's Hero Power. Hey! Let me try that...
Silent Knight	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	2 	
Stealth Divine Shield He used to be a librarian. Old habits die hard.
Silver Hand Regent	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	3 	
Inspire: Summon a 1/1 Silver Hand Recruit. The Silver Hand is the best paladin organization. The Argent Crusaders are super jealous.
Skycap'n Kragg	Legendary	Minion	Pirate	 Any	7 	4 	6 	
Charrrrrge
Sparring Partner	Rare	Minion	General	 Warrior	2 	3 	2 	
Taunt
Spawn of Shadows	Rare	Minion	General	 Priest	4 	5 	4 	
Inspire: Deal 4 damage to each hero. What did you expect to happen? He's a Spawn. Of Shadows.
Spellslinger	Common	Minion	General	 Mage	3 	3 	4 	
Battlecry: Add a random spell to each player's hand. Does he sling spells, or do his spells linger about. Who can say?
Stablemaster	Epic	Minion	General	 Hunter	3 	4 	2 	
Battlecry: Give a friendly Beast Immune this turn. Takes way better care of her pets than her brother, Unstablemaster.
The Mistcaller	Legendary	Minion	General	 Shaman	6 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Give all minions in your hand and deck +1/+1. Calling the mist doesn't sound all that great. "Ooooh, it is slightly damp now!"
The Skeleton Knight	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	6 	7 	4 	
Deathrattle: Reveal a minion in each deck. If yours costs more, return this to your hand. Apparently it really was just a flesh wound.
Thunder Bluff Valiant	Rare	Minion	General	 Shaman	5 	3 	6 	
Inspire: Give your Totems +2 Attack. Allowing totems to attack is not cheating. I mean, there isn't anything in the rule books about it.
Tiny Knight of Evil	Rare	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	2 	3 	2 	
Whenever you discard a card, gain +1/+1. "No, no, no. I asked for a tiny JESTER of evil."
Totem Golem	Common	Minion	Totem	 Shaman	2 	3 	4 	
Overload: (1) What happens when you glue a buncha totems together.
Tournament Attendee	Common	Minion	General	 Any	1 	2 	1 	
Taunt He was so excited to get season tickets to this year's Grand Tournament. He normally doesn't get them at first and has to buy them from Ogre scalpers.
Tournament Medic	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	1 	8 	
Inspire: Restore 2 Health to your hero. The medic tournament is less entertaining than the Grand Tournament.
Tuskarr Jouster	Rare	Minion	General	 Paladin	5 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Reveal a minion in each deck. If yours costs more, restore 7 Health to your hero. Just could not be talked out of using his turtle for the joust...
Tuskarr Totemic	Common	Minion	General	 Shaman	3 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Summon a random basic Totem. Turns out the tuskarr aren't real choosy about their totems.
Twilight Guardian	Epic	Minion	Dragon	 Any	4 	2 	6 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, gain +1 Attack and Taunt. A result of magical experiments carried out by the Black Dragonflight, it's not his fault that he's a vicious killer.
Undercity Valiant	Common	Minion	General	 Rogue	2 	3 	2 	
Combo: Deal 1 damage. Almost went to play for Stormwind before signing with Undercity.
Varian Wrynn	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warrior	10 	7 	7 	
Battlecry: Draw 3 cards. Put any minions you drew directly into the battlefield. Leader of the Alliance! Father of Anduin! Also he likes to play Arena, and he averages 12 wins.
Void Crusher	Rare	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	6 	5 	4 	
Inspire: Destroy a random minion for each player. We like to call him "Wesley".
Warhorse Trainer	Common	Minion	General	 Paladin	3 	2 	4 	
Your Silver Hand Recruits have +1 Attack. He doesn't even get Sundays off. Every day he's hostling.
Wildwalker	Common	Minion	General	 Druid	4 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Give a friendly Beast +3 Health. She was born to be something. She is just not quite sure what yet...
Wilfred Fizzlebang	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warlock	6 	4 	4 	
Cards you draw from your Hero Power cost (0). He can summon anything, even a FEARSOME DOOMGUARD*.
Wrathguard	Common	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	2 	4 	3 	
Whenever this minion takes damage, also deal that amount to your hero. After playing against 5 Annoy-O-Trons, any normal guard will become a Wrathguard.
Wyrmrest Agent	Rare	Minion	General	 Priest	2 	1 	4 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, gain +1 Attack and Taunt. Keeping tabs on the Grand Tournament is priority #1 for the five mighty Dragonflights!