Aluneth	Legendary	Weapon		 Mage	6 	0 	3 	
At the end of your turn, draw 3 cards. PHENOMENAL ARCANE POWER…itty bitty living space.
Arcane Artificer	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Mage	1 	1 	2 	
Whenever you cast a spell, gain Armor equal to its Cost. Ethereal armor dissipates in 6 hours which can cause extreme awkwardness for first time buyers.
Arcane Tyrant	Epic	Minion	Elemental	 Any	5 	4 	4 	
Costs (0) if you've cast a spell that costs (5) or more this turn. Tyrant is such a strong word.
Astral Tiger	Epic	Minion	General	 Druid	4 	3 	5 	
Deathrattle: Shuffle a copy of this minion into your deck. Astral kitty litter is surprisingly hard to find.
Barkskin	Common	Spell		 Druid	1 			
Give a minion +3 Health. Gain 3 Armor. Make like a tree... and gain armor.
Benevolent Djinn	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Paladin	3 	2 	4 	
At the end of your turn, restore 3 Health to your hero. Wish #1: funnel cakes. Wish #2: funnel cakes. Wish #3: FUNNEL CAKES.
Bladed Gauntlet	Epic	Weapon		 Warrior	2 	0 	2 	
Has Attack equal to your Armor. Can't attack heroes. CAUTION: DO NOT SCRATCH NOSE.
Boisterous Bard	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Give your other minions +1 Health. As a kid, she fought with rocks. Now she fights with ROCK!
Branching Paths	Epic	Spell		 Druid	4 			
Choose Twice - Draw a card; Give your minions +1 Attack; Gain 6 armor. Three paths diverged in a darkened hall, and I -
I took the one less traveled by.
And got eaten by a slime.
Call to Arms	Epic	Spell		 Paladin	5 			
Recruit 3 minions that cost (2) or less. More personal than a text to arms.
Candleshot	Common	Weapon		 Hunter	1 	1 	3 	
Your hero is Immune while attacking. Once called Cahn'delar, Shortbow of the Ancient Whisker.
Carnivorous Cube	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	6 	
Battlecry: Destroy a friendly minion.
Deathrattle: Summon 2 copies of it. He's always grumpy until he's eaten his first barista of the morning.
Cataclysm	Epic	Spell		 Warlock	4 			
Destroy all minions. Discard your hand. RUN FROM SKY CANDLES! THEY BURN! RUN!
Cave Hydra	Common	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	3 	2 	4 	
Also damages the minions next to whomever this attacks. Can be upgraded into a Cave Lurker.
Cavern Shinyfinder	Common	Minion	General	 Rogue	2 	3 	1 	
Battlecry: Draw a weapon from your deck. They call her the candled vandal.
Cheat Death	Common	Spell		 Rogue	2 			
Secret: When a friendly minion dies, return it to your hand. It costs (2) less. Reported.
Corridor Creeper	Epic	Minion	Beast	 Any	7 	2 	5 	
Costs (1) less whenever a minion dies while this is in your hand. It likes the smell of dead things, which is curious, as it has no visible nose.
Corrosive Sludge	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Destroy your opponent's weapon. The result of centuries of terrible sanitation.
Crushing Hand	Common	Spell		 Shaman	2 			
Deal 8 damage to a minion. Overload: (3) Shamans always have the firmest handshakes.
Crushing Walls	Epic	Spell		 Hunter	7 			
Destroy your opponent's left and right-most minions. "It could be worse!" "It's worse."
Crystal Lion	Rare	Minion	General	 Paladin	6 	5 	5 	
Divine Shield
Costs (1) less for each Silver Hand Recruit you control. Standard issue recruit gear: 1 silver sword, 1 Lordaeron insignia, 2 bags of crystal kibble.
Cursed Disciple	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	5 	1 	
Deathrattle: Summon a 5/1 Revenant. Politer than his brother, the cursing disciple, but far more evil.
Dark Pact	Common	Spell		 Warlock	1 			
Destroy a friendly minion. Restore 4 Health to your hero. "Don't worry about the fine print. Just sign here."
Deck of Wonders	Epic	Spell		 Mage	5 			
Shuffle 5 Scrolls into your deck. When drawn, cast a random spell. "Pick a card, any card. Wait! No! Not that one!" - Last words of previous owner
Dire Mole	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	1 	1 	3 	
You especially don't want to make a dire mountain out of a dire mole hill.
Dragon Soul	Legendary	Weapon		 Priest	3 	0 	3 	
After you cast 3 spells in a turn, summon a 5/5 Dragon. Crafted by Deathwing's goblin horde, but the dragon added the rainbow sparkles himself.
Dragon's Fury	Epic	Spell		 Mage	5 			
Reveal a spell from your deck. Deal damage equal to its Cost to all minions. "C'mon Hucklemuck. She'll never notice if we take just one little coin."
Dragoncaller Alanna	Legendary	Minion	General	 Mage	9 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Summon a 5/5 Dragon for each spell you cast this game that costs (5) or more. Her secret is using a gentle voice and carrying a baggie of hotdogs.
Dragonhatcher	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	9 	2 	4 	
At the end of your turn, Recruit a Dragon. Which came first? The dragon or the dragonhatcher?
Dragonslayer	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	4 	3 	
Battlecry: Deal 6 damage to a Dragon. A pair of stout dwarves nearly averted the Cataclysm.
Drygulch Jailor	Common	Minion	General	 Paladin	2 	1 	1 	
Deathrattle: Add 3 Silver Hand Recruits to your hand. Hard time: 6-10 turns for candle-nappin'.
Drywhisker Armorer	Common	Minion	General	 Warrior	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: For each enemy minion, gain 2 Armor. Kobolds use anything for armor: Pots, pans, garbage cans... even other kobolds.
Duskbreaker	Rare	Minion	Dragon	 Priest	4 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, deal 3 damage to all other minions. Waking up at the break of dusk is just not as impressive.
Ebon Dragonsmith	Rare	Minion	Dragon	 Any	4 	3 	4 	
Battlecry: Reduce the Cost of a random weapon in your hand by (2). Having a furnace-mouth is really handy for a blacksmith.
Elven Minstrel	Rare	Minion	General	 Rogue	4 	3 	2 	
Combo: Draw 2 minions from your deck. "After that gig in Hamlin went south, I swore off rats."
Evasion	Epic	Spell		 Rogue	2 			
Secret: After your hero takes damage, become Immune this turn. Works on weapons, missiles, and taxes.
Explosive Runes	Rare	Spell		 Mage	3 			
Secret: After your opponent plays a minion, deal 6 damage to it and any excess to their hero. Sometimes it's safer NOT to read the warning signs.
Fal'dorei Strider	Epic	Minion	General	 Rogue	4 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Shuffle 3 Ambushes into your deck. When drawn, summon a 4/4 Spider. What's worse? Seeing the spider, or NOT seeing the spider, but knowing it's somewhere in your deck?
Feral Gibberer	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	1 	1 	1 	
After this minion attacks a hero, add a copy of it to your hand. It's certainly not civilized gibbering.
Flanking Strike	Common	Spell		 Hunter	4 			
Deal 3 damage to a minion. Summon a 3/3 Wolf. Wolves to the left and arrows to the right, here I am stuck in the middle with you.
Fungal Enchanter	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Restore 2 Health to all friendly characters. Qualifications: Born with pointy hat.
Fungalmancer	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Give adjacent minions +2/+2. Fungalmancy is the easy major for those who can't cut it at Waxmancy.
Furbolg Mossbinder	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	5 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Transform a friendly minion into a 6/6 Elemental. Behold, the unstoppable power of MOSS!
Gather Your Party	Rare	Spell		 Warrior	6 			
Recruit a minion. Thrilling adventure! Danger guaranteed! Loot uncertain! Death optional! Who's with me?
Gemstudded Golem	Common	Minion	General	 Warrior	6 	5 	9 	
Taunt. Can only attack if you have 5 or more Armor. Perfectly accessorized to attract adventurers.
Geosculptor Yip	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warrior	8 	4 	8 	
At the end of your turn, summon a random minion with Cost equal to your Armor (up to 10). Once crafted a gauntlet out of earwax and pure ambition.
Gilded Gargoyle	Common	Minion	General	 Priest	3 	2 	2 	
Deathrattle: Add a Coin to your hand. You hear a coin rattling inside the slotted gargoyle... What could it mean?
Grand Archivist	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	8 	4 	7 	
At the end of your turn, cast a spell from your deck (targets chosen randomly). Qualifications: Found pointy hat.
Gravelsnout Knight	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	1 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: Summon a random 1-Cost minion for your opponent. The mole of La Mancha rides again!
Greedy Sprite	Rare	Minion	General	 Druid	3 	3 	1 	
Deathrattle: Gain an empty Mana Crystal. Sparkliest of the seven deadly sprites.
Green Jelly	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	3 	3 	
At the end of your turn, summon a 1/2 Ooze with Taunt. This card really breaks out of the mold.
Grizzled Guardian	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Druid	8 	3 	5 	
Taunt
Deathrattle: Recruit 2 minions that cost (4) or less. Favorite sandwich? Grizzled cheese.
Grumble, Worldshaker	Legendary	Minion	Elemental	 Shaman	6 	7 	7 	
Battlecry: Return your other minions to your hand. They cost (1). The grumbling grew to a mighty rumbling, and out of the caverns the kobolds came tumbling.
Guild Recruiter	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	2 	4 	
Battlecry: Recruit a minion that costs (4) or less. The original telemarketer.
Healing Rain	Common	Spell		 Shaman	3 			
Restore 12 Health divided randomly among all friendly characters. It's filled with electrolytes!
Hoarding Dragon	Common	Minion	Dragon	 Any	4 	5 	6 	
Deathrattle: Give your opponent two Coins. Keeps his two cents to himself.
Hooked Reaver	Rare	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	4 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: If you have 15 or less Health, gain +3/+3 and Taunt. The hook is just an accessory. He can reave just fine without it.
Hungry Ettin	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	6 	4 	10 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Summon a random 2-Cost minion for your opponent. How can he be hungry… if he's Ettin!?
Ironwood Golem	Common	Minion	General	 Druid	4 	3 	6 	
Taunt
Can only attack if you have 3 or more Armor. Marketed as a "rust-proof iron golem."
Ixlid, Fungal Lord	Legendary	Minion	General	 Druid	5 	2 	4 	
After you play a minion, summon a copy of it. We suggest crafting Ixlid; he'll grow on you. Literally.
Kathrena Winterwisp	Legendary	Minion	General	 Hunter	8 	6 	6 	
Battlecry and Deathrattle: Recruit a Beast. She’s not one of those treehugger elves – but she does like the occasional cuddle.
King Togwaggle	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	8 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Swap decks with your opponent. Give them a Ransom spell to swap back. Management of the Kobold Empire requires a careful balance between a lack of social services and fiscal irresponsibility.
Kingsbane	Legendary	Weapon		 Rogue	1 	1 	3 	
Always keeps enchantments. Deathrattle: Shuffle this into your deck. But it has a soft spot for emperors.
Kobold Apprentice	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	1 	
Battlecry: Deal 3 damage randomly split among all enemies. Horrible secret: The Darkness is immune to Arcane Missiles.
Kobold Barbarian	Rare	Minion	General	 Warrior	3 	4 	4 	
At the start of your turn, attack a random enemy. What is best in life? To make candle. To keep candle. To hear lamentation of candle-takers.
Kobold Hermit	Common	Minion	General	 Shaman	2 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Choose a basic Totem. Summon it. To truly understand candles, it takes YEARS of quiet contemplation.
Kobold Illusionist	Rare	Minion	General	 Rogue	4 	3 	3 	
Deathrattle: Summon a 1/1 copy of a minion from your hand. He can make ANYTHING look like a candle.
Kobold Librarian	Common	Minion	General	 Warlock	1 	2 	1 	
Battlecry: Draw a card. Deal 2 damage to your hero. Kobolds sort books using a gooey decimal system.
Kobold Monk	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	6 	
Your hero can't be targeted by spells or Hero Powers. There is no candle.
Lesser Amethyst Spellstone	Rare	Spell		 Warlock	4 			
Lifesteal. Deal 3 damage to a minion. (Take damage from your cards to upgrade.) A purple stone Azari carved
For dark hearts, craving, power-starved.
The first to bow, the warlock Rin,
Embraced the darkness, slew her kin.
Lesser Diamond Spellstone	Rare	Spell		 Priest	7 			
Resurrect 2 different friendly minions. (Cast 4 spells to upgrade.) A diamond, white, this stone the eighth
A precious jewel for those of faith
A whispered prayer restores the lost
But none among them know the cost.
Lesser Emerald Spellstone	Rare	Spell		 Hunter	6 			
Summon two 3/3 Wolves. (Play a Secret to upgrade.) An emerald stone for Tauren hands
Who sought its strength to save their lands
Their tribes now lost, their rage released
Who's hunting now? And who's the beast?
Lesser Jasper Spellstone	Rare	Spell		 Druid	1 			
Deal 2 damage to a minion. (Gain 3 Armor to upgrade.) In ancient woods, elves fought the curse
The demon's shadow to disperse
But hatred raged and frail souls turned
Now horned and hooved their forests burned.
Lesser Mithril Spellstone	Rare	Spell		 Warrior	7 			
Summon one 5/5 Mithril Golem. (Equip a weapon to upgrade.) To dwarves of stone the demon called
With promises of might, enthralled
In grasping greed they found their doom
Forever bound in mithril tombs.
Lesser Onyx Spellstone	Rare	Spell		 Rogue	5 			
Destroy 1 random enemy minion. (Play 3 Deathrattle cards to upgrade.) The trolls of old embraced the gift
A jewel of black for daggers swift
No party lasts who finds the stone
Those wielding it soon stand alone.
Lesser Pearl Spellstone	Rare	Spell		 Paladin	2 			
Summon a 2/2 Spirit with Taunt. (Restore 3 Health to upgrade.) In ages old, when Ancients broke
Azari of the Legion spoke
To tempt the mortals: gems of power
The weak succumbed, their souls devoured.
Lesser Ruby Spellstone	Rare	Spell		 Mage	2 			
Add a random Mage spell to your hand. (Play two Elementals to upgrade.) The final stone undid its master
Spun into wards by nameless caster
Azari wailed a savage roar
Now sealed in nether, evermore.
Lesser Sapphire Spellstone	Rare	Spell		 Shaman	7 			
Summon 1 copy of a friendly minion. (Overload 3 Mana Crystals to upgrade.) A stone of blue, embraced with glee
By murloc lords beneath the sea
Soon numberless they swarmed the shore
First two, then four, then more...and more...
Level Up!	Epic	Spell		 Paladin	6 			
Give your Silver Hand Recruits +2/+2 and Taunt. Ding!
Grats.
Leyline Manipulator	Rare	Minion	Elemental	 Mage	4 	4 	5 	
Battlecry: If you're holding any cards that didn't start in your deck, reduce their Cost by (2). The shortest distance between two points is a leyline.
Lone Champion	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	4 	
Battlecry: If you control no other minions, gain Taunt and Divine Shield. He is a champion, with no friends. He'll keep on fighting, til the end!
Lynessa Sunsorrow	Legendary	Minion	General	 Paladin	7 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Cast each spell you cast on your minions this game on this one. A diet of pure magic is great for the complexion but wreaks havoc on one's mood.
Marin the Fox	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	8 	6 	6 	
Battlecry: Summon a 0/8 Treasure Chest for your opponent. (Break it for awesome loot!) My name is Marin the Fox. You took my treasure. Prepare to die.
Master Oakheart	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	9 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Recruit a 1, 2, and 3-Attack minion. His adventuring party consists of Goldshire Footman, Frostwolf Grunt and Hadronox.
Murmuring Elemental	Rare	Minion	Elemental	 Shaman	2 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Your next Battlecry this turn triggers twice. Déjà Dude.
Oaken Summons	Common	Spell		 Druid	4 			
Gain 6 Armor. Recruit a minion that costs (4) or less. The Guild used oak tress until they all turned to ash.
Plated Beetle	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	2 	2 	3 	
Deathrattle: Gain 3 Armor. "Ok, your party has defeated the beetle." "I put it on my head." "What?" "I put it on my head. Like a hat."
Possessed Lackey	Rare	Minion	General	 Warlock	6 	2 	2 	
Deathrattle: Recruit a Demon. If you don't keep up with your payments, it'll be a repossessed lackey.
Potion of Heroism	Common	Spell		 Paladin	2 			
Give a minion Divine Shield. Draw a card. Also known as "Liquid Courage."
Primal Talismans	Rare	Spell		 Shaman	3 			
Give your minions "Deathrattle: Summon a random basic Totem." All that remained from the first kobold colony: a single talisman and the word "Flamestrike."
Psionic Probe	Common	Spell		 Priest	1 			
Copy a spell in your opponent's deck and add it to your hand. She prefers calling it "Psionic Tickling."
Psychic Scream	Epic	Spell		 Priest	7 			
Shuffle all minions into your opponent's deck. Everybody! Hit the deck!
Raven Familiar	Common	Minion	Beast	 Mage	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Reveal a spell in each deck. If yours costs more, draw it. Quoth the raven, 'Does yours cost more?'
Reckless Flurry	Epic	Spell		 Warrior	3 			
Spend all your Armor. Deal that much damage to all minions. Look. Cautious Flurries will only get you so far in life.
Rhok'delar	Legendary	Weapon		 Hunter	7 	4 	2 	
Battlecry: If your deck has no minions, fill your hand with Hunter spells. Rhok'delar is ready to Rhok'de'casbah!
Rummaging Kobold	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	3 	1 	3 	
Battlecry: Return one of your destroyed weapons to your hand. "Broken longsword is brand new shortsword." - Kobold Proverb
Scorp-o-matic	Rare	Minion	Mech	 Any	2 	1 	2 	
Battlecry: Destroy a minion with 1 or less Attack. Back in my day, we had to manually scorp.
Seeping Oozeling	Rare	Minion	General	 Hunter	6 	5 	4 	
Battlecry: Gain the Deathrattle of a random minion in your deck. Uh, you might want to get that looked at.
Sewer Crawler	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Summon a 2/3 Giant Rat. His clothing is "ratty" in more ways than one.
Shifting Scroll	Common	Spell		 Mage				
Each turn this is in your hand, transform it into a random Mage spell. Next turn, this is going to be AMAZING.
Shimmering Courser	Epic	Minion	Beast	 Any	4 	3 	3 	
Only you can target this with spells and Hero Powers. A courser is a courser of course, of course, she's more of a unicorn than a horse...
Shrieking Shroom	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	3 	1 	2 	
At the end of your turn, summon a random 1-Cost minion. Auditioning for the next Fungal Idol.
Shroom Brewer	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Restore 4 Health. Side effects guaranteed!
Silver Vanguard	Common	Minion	General	 Any	7 	3 	3 	
Deathrattle: Recruit an 8-Cost minion. Float like a Faerie Dragon, sting like a Hivequeen.
Skull of the Man'ari	Legendary	Weapon		 Warlock	5 	0 	3 	
At the start of your turn, summon a Demon from your hand. Don't trust the skull.
Sleepy Dragon	Common	Minion	Dragon	 Any	9 	4 	12 	
Taunt Local villagers call her "Naps Under the Mountain."
Sneaky Devil	Common	Minion	Demon	 Any	4 	2 	2 	
Stealth
Your other minions have +1 Attack. The result of a tragic accident involving a Defias Thug, a Wand of Polymorph, and a bundle of Fel Lotus.
Sonya Shadowdancer	Legendary	Minion	General	 Rogue	3 	2 	2 	
Whenever a friendly minion dies, add a 1/1 copy of it to your hand. It costs (1). Love like you've never been hurt. Dance like a 1/1 is watching.
Spiteful Summoner	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	7 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Reveal a spell from your deck. Summon a random minion with the same Cost. Sometimes she'll summon a Doomsayer. Out of spite.
Stoneskin Basilisk	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	3 	1 	1 	
Divine Shield
Poisonous He got that way from looking into a mirror.
Sudden Betrayal	Common	Spell		 Rogue	2 			
Secret: When a minion attacks your hero, instead it attacks one of its neighbours. You thought he was your bro-bold, but turns out he's your foe-bold.
Temporus	Legendary	Minion	Dragon	 Priest	7 	6 	6 	
Battlecry: Your opponent takes two turns. Then you take two turns. Follows adventurers, seeking the ultimate time magic: the ability to reload.
The Darkness	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	4 	20 	20 	
Starts dormant. Battlecry: Shuffle 3 Candles into the enemy deck. When drawn, this awakens. I would rather light a single candle than curse the darkness. But I'm willing to do both.
The Runespear	Legendary	Weapon		 Shaman	8 	3 	3 	
After your hero attacks, Discover a spell and cast it with random targets. When asked what the runes do, the tauren smith smiled: "A little of this, a little of that..."
To My Side!	Epic	Spell		 Hunter	6 			
Summon an Animal
Companion, or 2 if your
deck has no minions. I hunt alone. Well, me and Misha. And Huffer. And Leokk.
Toothy Chest	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	0 	4 	
At the start of your turn, set this minion's Attack to 4. Do you want to eat an adventurer? I want to eat an adventurer!
Trogg Gloomeater	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	1 	5 	
Taunt
Poisonous His breath smells like agony and despair, which is still better than most troggs.
Twig of the World Tree	Legendary	Weapon		 Druid	4 	1 	5 	
Deathrattle: Gain 10 Mana Crystals. For druids who want to branch out.
Twilight Acolyte	Epic	Minion	General	 Priest	3 	2 	4 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, swap this minion's Attack with another minion's. The dragons mostly keep him around as a snack.
Twilight's Call	Rare	Spell		 Priest	3 			
Summon 1/1 copies of 2 friendly Deathrattle minions that died this game. If you're experiencing resurrection sickness, press 1.
Unidentified Elixir	Common	Spell		 Priest	3 			
Give a minion +2/+2.
Gains a bonus effect in your hand. "Here, taste this." (Slurp) "What is it?" "I don't know, I found it in one of the labs."
Unidentified Maul	Rare	Weapon		 Paladin	3 	2 	2 	
Gains a bonus effect in your hand. When all you have is an unidentified maul, everything else looks like an unidentified nail.
Unidentified Shield	Common	Spell		 Warrior	6 			
Gain 5 Armor. Gains a bonus effect in your hand. The kobold stared at the bundle for a long time. "Ah hah!" he said. "It's a shield."
Unstable Evolution	Epic	Spell		 Shaman	1 			
Transform a friendly minion into one that costs (1) more. Repeatable this turn. They grow up so fast.
Val'anyr	Legendary	Weapon		 Paladin	6 	4 	2 	
Deathrattle: Give a minion in your hand +4/+2. When it dies, reequip this. Recently unearthed in one of the deepest kobold caves. Traded for a large candle.
Violet Wurm	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	8 	7 	7 	
Deathrattle: Summon seven 1/1 Grubs. It's wurms all the way down.
Void Ripper	Epic	Minion	Demon	 Any	3 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Swap the Attack and Health of all other minions. You had to put the portable hole inside the bag of holding, didn't you?!
Voidlord	Epic	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	9 	3 	9 	
Taunt
Deathrattle: Summon three 1/3 Demons with Taunt. Never let it hold your checkbook.
Vulgar Homunculus	Common	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	2 	2 	4 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Deal 2 damage to your hero. Fortunately he has an even number of fingers.
Wandering Monster	Rare	Spell		 Hunter	2 			
Secret: When an enemy attacks your hero, summon a 3-Cost minion as the new target. Not all who wander are lost. This one is lost though, for sure.
Wax Elemental	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Any	1 	0 	2 	
Taunt
Divine Shield Takes double damage from wick-based weapons
Windshear Stormcaller	Epic	Minion	General	 Shaman	5 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: If you control all 4 basic Totems, summon Al'akir the Windlord. Don't ever doubt Al'Akir's love for basic totems.
Woecleaver	Legendary	Weapon		 Warrior	8 	3 	3 	
After your hero attacks, Recruit a minion. Turn that frown into TWO frowns!
Zola the Gorgon	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Choose a friendly minion. Add a Golden copy of it to your hand. Her name seems a bit cheesy.
