Arcane Anomaly	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Any	1 	2 	1 	
Whenever you cast a spell, give this minion +1 Health. He used to get work as a Spatial Anomaly, but he got tired of having his polarity reversed.
Arcane Giant	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	12 	8 	8 	
Costs (1) less for each spell you've cast this game. Claims to be drawn to Karazhan because of the ley lines. Actually, just loves Moroes’ cooking.
Arcanosmith	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Summon a 0/5 minion with Taunt. He’s really just a Blacksmith, but he thought the fancy title would bring in more business.
Avian Watcher	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	5 	3 	6 	
Battlecry: If you control a Secret, gain +1/+1 and Taunt. He mostly watches light romantic comedies.
Babbling Book	Rare	Minion	General	 Mage	1 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Add a random Mage spell to your hand. His idol is the Green Hills of Stranglethorn, and he won't shut up about it.
Barnes	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	5 	3 	4 	
Battlecry: Summon a 1/1 copy of a random minion in your deck. He used to play every part, until Moroes confiscated his Orb of Deception.
Book Wyrm	Rare	Minion	Dragon	 Any	6 	3 	6 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, destroy an enemy minion with 3 Attack or less. His favorites are classic tragedies like "The Hobbit" and "Grendel".
Cat Trick	Rare	Spell		 Hunter	2 			
Secret: After your opponent casts a spell, summon a 4/2 Panther with Stealth. "I know some new tricks, a lot of good tricks. I will show them to you. Medivh will not mind at all if I do."
Cloaked Huntress	Common	Minion	General	 Hunter	3 	3 	4 	
Your Secrets cost (0). She's practically GIVING your secrets away!
Deadly Fork	Common	Minion	General	 Rogue	3 	3 	2 	
Deathrattle: Add a 3/2 weapon to your hand. For a proper setting, place the deadly fork after the salad fork, but before the dinner fork.
Enchanted Raven	Common	Minion	Beast	 Druid	1 	2 	2 	
Once upon a midnight restive, Medivh pondered, feeling festive!
Ethereal Peddler	Rare	Minion	General	 Rogue	5 	5 	6 	
Battlecry: If you're holding any cards from another class, reduce their Cost by (2). Yeah, sure. That Ragnaros "fell off the back of a truck".
Firelands Portal	Common	Spell		 Mage	7 			
Deal 5 damage. Summon a random 5-Cost minion. Come to beautiful Firelands! Where it's "Way nicer than the Abyssal Maw!"'
Fool's Bane	Common	Weapon		 Warrior	5 	3 	4 	
Unlimited attacks each turn. Can't attack heroes. A fool and his bane are soon parted.
Ironforge Portal	Common	Spell		 Warrior	5 			
Gain 4 Armor. Summon a random 4-Cost minion. Come to beautiful Ironforge! Where irons are forged and the forges are iron!
Ivory Knight	Rare	Minion	General	 Paladin	6 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Discover a spell. Restore Health to your hero equal to its Cost. Do NOT call it a "horse".
Kara Kazham!	Common	Spell		 Warlock	5 			
Summon a 1/1 Candle, 2/2 Broom, and 3/3 Teapot. This is what happens when you tell Khadgar to set the table.
Kindly Grandmother	Common	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	2 	1 	1 	
Deathrattle: Summon a 3/2 Big Bad Wolf. "Goodness! What… abundant drool you have."
Maelstrom Portal	Rare	Spell		 Shaman	2 			
Deal 1 damage to all enemy minions. Summon a random 1-Cost minion. They bill this as a popular resort attraction, but they try and get your money up front.
Malchezaar's Imp	Common	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	1 	1 	3 	
Whenever you discard a card, draw a card. Malchezaar used to have an imp named Dobby working for him, but there was a tragic accident.
Medivh's Valet	Common	Minion	General	 Mage	2 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: If you control a Secret, deal 3 damage. "Magus Medivh sir, I've brought the flaming balloons, as you requested."
Medivh, the Guardian	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	8 	7 	7 	
Battlecry:Equip Atiesh, Greatstaff of the Guardian. If you think the party's great now, just wait 'til he invites the orcs over!
Menagerie Magician	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Give a random Beast, Dragon and Murloc +2/+2. Just between us, if things get tight the Menagerie Magician position will probably be the first to go.
Menagerie Warden	Common	Minion	General	 Druid	6 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Choose a friendly Beast. Summon a copy of it. Please? Can I keep him? I promise to clean his cage every day.
Moat Lurker	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	6 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Destroy a minion. Deathrattle: Resummon it. He really enjoys lurking and gets a lot of job satisfaction out of it.
Moonglade Portal	Rare	Spell		 Druid	6 			
Restore 6 Health. Summon a random 6-Cost minion. Ain't no party like a Moonglade party ‘cause a Moonglade party got bears.
Moroes	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	3 	1 	1 	
Stealth
At the end of your turn, summon a 1/1 Steward. Moroes runs an army of stewards, but still ends up inflating the balloons himself.
Netherspite Historian	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	1 	3 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, Discover a Dragon. She can tell you all about the history of people not STANDING IN THE GREEN BEAM!
Nightbane Templar	Common	Minion	General	 Paladin	3 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, summon two 1/1 Whelps. Originally joined to be Arcanagos’ Templar, but has to admit that ordering pizza has become waaaay easier.
Onyx Bishop	Rare	Minion	General	 Priest	5 	3 	4 	
Battlecry: Summon a friendly minion that died this game. B4 is a nice place to visit, but he wouldn't want to live there.
Pantry Spider	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	3 	1 	3 	
Battlecry: Summon a 1/3 Spider. You have to admit, they make a cute couple.
Pompous Thespian	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	3 	2 	
Taunt Alas poor Annoy-o-Tron! A fellow of infinite jest, of most excellent fancy!
Priest of the Feast	Common	Minion	General	 Priest	4 	3 	6 	
Whenever you cast a spell, restore 3 Health to your hero. Now that's a world champion cheesecake!
Prince Malchezaar	Legendary	Minion	Demon	 Any	5 	5 	6 	
Start of Game: Add 5 extra Legendary minions to your deck. He was super excited to acquire Gorehowl at a garage sale! Then super disappointed to find out it was a foam reproduction.
Protect the King!	Rare	Spell		 Warrior	3 			
For each enemy minion, summon a 1/1 Pawn with Taunt. Form ranks! Everyone into the King's Tuskarr Defense!
Purify	Common	Spell		 Priest	2 			
Silence a friendly minion. Draw a card. Even better than a hot shower with vigorous scrubbing!
Runic Egg	Common	Minion	General	 Any	1 	0 	2 	
Deathrattle: Draw a card. Oh man! Runic omelettes are the best!
Silvermoon Portal	Common	Spell		 Paladin	4 			
Give a minion +2/+2. Summon a random 2-Cost minion. What's Millhouse Manastorm doing in Silvermoon?
Silverware Golem	Rare	Minion	General	 Warlock	3 	3 	3 	
If you discard this minion, summon it. From the secret research labs of the Swiss Army.
Spirit Claws	Common	Weapon		 Shaman	2 	1 	3 	
Has +2 Attack while you have Spell Damage. They'll be MUCH easier to use once they add the spirit thumb.
Swashburglar	Common	Minion	Pirate	 Rogue	1 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Add a random card to your hand (from your opponent's class). Was almost named "Swashb-AAAARRHHH-gler"
The Curator	Legendary	Minion	Mech	 Any	7 	4 	6 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Draw a Beast, Dragon, and Murloc from your deck. The Curator guards Azeroth’s deadliest creatures, but it’s secretly terrified of squirrels.
Violet Illusionist	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	4 	3 	
During your turn, your hero is Immune. She’s much more cheerful after losing the ‘n’ in her name.
Wicked Witchdoctor	Common	Minion	General	 Shaman	4 	3 	4 	
Whenever you cast a spell, summon a random basic Totem. You can easily defeat her by either dealing 4 damage, or dropping a house on her.
Zoobot	Common	Minion	Mech	 Any	3 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Give a random friendly Beast, Dragon and Murloc +1/+1. The Murloc is taking the picture.
