A New Challenger...	Epic	Spell		 Paladin	7 			
Discover a 6-Cost minion. Summon it with Taunt and Divine Shield. … Arrives? Approaches? TELL US ALREADY!
Akali, the Rhino	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Warrior	8 	5 	5 	
Rush, Overkill: Draw a Rush minion and give it +5/+5. Most trolls only get to “AAAAHHH!” and don’t make it to the “kali” part.
Amani War Bear	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	7 	5 	7 	
Rush
Taunt "I used to farm for hours! Now they just come in packs?"
Arcanosaur	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Mage	6 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: If you played an Elemental last turn, deal 3 damage to all other minions. Arcane energy… finds a way.
Arena Fanatic	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: Give all minions in your hand +1/+1. Her fantasy Rumble league gives double points for dismemberment.
Arena Patron	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	5 	3 	3 	
Overkill: Summon another Arena Patron. Everybody with a ticket get in here!
Arena Treasure Chest	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	0 	4 	
Deathrattle: Draw 2 cards. Yeah it's great, but did you see the Arena Treasure Arms?!
Auchenai Phantasm	Epic	Minion	General	 Priest	2 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: This turn, your healing effects deal damage instead. “Okay kids did everyone remember to heal before we left?”
Baited Arrow	Common	Spell		 Hunter	5 			
Deal 3 damage.
Overkill: Summon a 5/5 Devilsaur. The card is common, but the steak is rare.
Banana Buffoon	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Add 2 Bananas to your hand. You could say he has a certain appeal.
Belligerent Gnome	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	2 	1 	4 	
Taunt
Battlecry: If your opponent has 2 or more minions, gain +1 Attack. Maybe don't put this one in your garden.
Big Bad Voodoo	Epic	Spell		 Shaman	2 			
Give a friendly minion "Deathrattle: Summon a random minion that costs (1) more." Murlocs practice Small Nice Voodoo.
Blast Wave	Epic	Spell		 Mage	5 			
Deal 2 damage to all minions.
Overkill: Add a random Mage spell to your hand. If you’re burning and you know it, wave your hands!
Blood Troll Sapper	Common	Minion	General	 Warlock	7 	5 	8 	
After a friendly minion dies, deal 2 damage to the enemy hero. Main supplier of Blood Troll Syrup to the Intercontinental Hut of Funnel Cakes.
Bloodclaw	Common	Weapon		 Paladin	1 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Deal 5 damage to your hero. This weapon – ow! Requires a little – OWW! Finesse.
Bloodsail Howler	Rare	Minion	Pirate	 Rogue	2 	1 	1 	
Rush.
Battlecry: Gain +1/+1 for each other Pirate you control. They saw their fate a closin'
Aboard a pirate ship
On deck: The Howlin' Hozen
About to let one rip.
Bloodscalp Strategist	Rare	Minion	General	 Hunter	3 	2 	4 	
Battlecry: If you have a weapon equipped, Discover a spell. “Shoot them in the face” is more of a tactic than a strategy.
Bog Slosher	Rare	Minion	Elemental	 Shaman	3 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Return a friendly minion to your hand and give it +2/+2. It's the bane of freshly mopped floors everywhere.
Booty Bay Bookie	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	2 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Give your opponent a Coin. Also makes a great librarian. She's really good at fixing books!
Bwonsamdi, the Dead	Legendary	Minion	General	 Priest	7 	7 	7 	
Battlecry: Draw 1-Cost minions from your deck until your hand is full. Everyone's dying to meet him.
Cannon Barrage	Epic	Spell		 Rogue	6 			
Deal 3 damage to a random enemy. Repeat for each of your Pirates. Why fire your cannons strategically when you can fire them all at once?
Captain Hooktusk	Legendary	Minion	Pirate	 Rogue	8 	6 	3 	
Battlecry: Summon 3 Pirates from your deck. Give them Rush. "You three! Get in the cannon!"
Cheaty Anklebiter	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	1 	
Lifesteal
Battlecry: Deal 1 damage. Famed hunter of the deadly Achilliosaur.
Crowd Roaster	Epic	Minion	Dragon	 Any	7 	7 	4 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, deal 7 damage to an enemy minion. Every major show has an opening act to warm up the crowd.
Da Undatakah	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	8 	8 	5 	
Battlecry: Gain the Deathrattle effects of 3 friendly minions that died this game. First Deathrattle: Draw a card.
Second: Draw 2 cards.
Third: Throw Mon'kind off a steel cage and plummet sixteen feet through an announcer’s table.
Daring Fire-Eater	Common	Minion	General	 Mage	1 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Your next Hero Power this turn deals 2 more damage. A few hours later he DESTROYED the arena bathrooms.
Demonbolt	Common	Spell		 Warlock	8 			
Destroy a minion. Costs (1) less for each minion you control. Or as it’s known in troll, “De bolt, mon.”
Devastate	Common	Spell		 Warrior	1 			
Deal 4 damage to a damaged minion. No thanks, I already devast-ate.
Dozing Marksman	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	0 	4 	
Has +4 Attack while damaged. It's the sleeper of the set.
Dragon Roar	Common	Spell		 Warrior	2 			
Add 2 random Dragons to your hand. Not to be confused with Dragon Yodel.
Dragonmaw Scorcher	Common	Minion	Dragon	 Any	5 	3 	6 	
Battlecry: Deal 1 damage to all other minions. Caution: Contains Flammable Material
Drakkari Trickster	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	4 	
Battlecry: Give each player a copy of a random card from their opponent's deck. “It’s an illusion, Malacrass!”
Elemental Evocation	Common	Spell		 Mage	0 			
The next Elemental you play this turn costs (2) less. It's just lighter fluid.
Emberscale Drake	Rare	Minion	Dragon	 Warrior	5 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, gain 5 Armor. The third little dragon made his armor out of adamantite.
Farraki Battleaxe	Rare	Weapon		 Paladin	5 	3 	3 	
Overkill: Give a minion in your hand +2/+2. Only two things in life are certain: death and axes.
Firetree Witchdoctor	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, Discover a spell. If your tree is on fire - stop, drop, and troll.
Flash of Light	Common	Spell		 Paladin	2 			
Restore 4 health.
Draw a card. Hey! No cameras allowed!
Former Champ	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Summon a 5/5/ Hotshot. The last time he saw action, Undertaker ruled the meta.
Gonk, the Raptor	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Druid	7 	4 	9 	
After your hero attacks and kills a minion, it may attack again. There’s a word for Zandalari druids who refuse to pledge loyalty to Gonk: “Delicious.”
Gral, the Shark	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Rogue	5 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Eat a minion in your deck and gain its stats.
Deathrattle: Add it to your hand. “… We’re gonna need a bigger board.”
Grave Horror	Rare	Minion	General	 Priest	12 	7 	8 	
Taunt
Costs (1) less for each spell you've cast this game. Trolls can regenerate lost limbs, but this is what they do with the leftovers.
Griftah	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	4 	4 	5 	
Battlecry: Discover two cards. Give one to your opponent at random. With Griftah in your deck, sometimes you start the game with The Coin!
Grim Rally	Rare	Spell		 Warlock	1 			
Destroy a friendly minion. Give your minions +1/+1. There’s no “Aiiiieeee” in “Team.”
Gurubashi Chicken	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	1 	1 	1 	
Overkill: Gain +5 Attack. “Ya hold it by da feet, mon. Den ya THROW.”
Gurubashi Hypemon	Epic	Minion	General	 Rogue	7 	5 	7 	
Battlecry: Discover a 1/1 copy of a Battlecry minion. It costs (1). Throw your hands in the air! They cost (1).
Gurubashi Offering	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	1 	0 	2 	
At the start of your turn, destroy this and gain 8 Armor. For a limited time, loa blessings are on a pray-one-get-two deal (on selected sacrifices only).
Hakkar, the Soulflayer	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	10 	9 	6 	
Deathrattle: Shuffle a Corrupted Blood into each player's deck. ATTENTION: Do not enter any major city while infected with the Corrupted Blood!
Halazzi, the Lynx	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	5 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Fill your hand with 1/1 Lynxes that have Rush. Remember, you’re only as strong as your weakest lynx.
Half-Time Scavenger	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	5 	
Stealth
Overkill: Gain 3 Armor. One player's trash is another's “Best In Slot”.
Haunting Visions	Epic	Spell		 Shaman	3 			
The next spell you cast this turn costs 3 less. Discover a spell. When you're awake at 3 AM and can't stop thinking about that time you called your teacher "mom."
Headhunter's Hatchet	Common	Weapon		 Hunter	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: If you control a Beast, gain +1 Durability. Zul'jin's primary recruiting tool.
Heavy Metal!	Rare	Spell		 Warrior	6 			
Summon a random minion with Cost equal to your Armor (up to 10). This metal is so heavy it will satisfy your iron requirements for the next year.
Helpless Hatchling	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	1 	1 	1 	
Deathrattle: Reduce the Cost of a Beast in your hand by (1). It can’t be all that helpful. Not wif dose widdle wings!
Hex Lord Malacrass	Legendary	Minion	General	 Mage	8 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Add a copy of your opening hand to your hand (except this card). Extremely awkward cousin of Hex Lord Malaclass.
High Priest Thekal	Legendary	Minion	General	 Paladin	3 	3 	4 	
Battlecry: Convert all but 1 of your hero's Health into Armor. "…and then I beat him with 1 Health!"
High Priestess Jeklik	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warlock	4 	3 	4 	
Taunt, Lifesteal
When you discard this, add 2 copies of it to your hand. If you love Jeklik, set her free. YOU CAN'T GET RID OF HER.
Hir'eek, the Bat	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Warlock	8 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Fill your board with copies of this minion. REPEL’S EFFECT WORE OFF.
Ice Cream Peddler	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	5 	
Battlecry: If you control a Frozen minion, gain 8 Armor. I scream, you scream, we all scream when we see a Freeze Mage.
Immortal Prelate	Epic	Minion	General	 Paladin	2 	1 	3 	
Deathrattle: Shuffle this into your deck. It keeps any enchantments. She protec.
She attac.
But most importantly,
she come bac.
Ironhide Direhorn	Common	Minion	Beast	 Druid	7 	7 	7 	
Overkill: Summon a 5/5 Ironhide Runt. "Boy! Bring me my masks and skull rams."
Jan'alai, the Dragonhawk	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Mage	7 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: If your Hero Power dealt 8 damage this game, summon Ragnaros the Firelord. You mess with the Bird, you get the Firelord.
Krag'wa, the Frog	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Shaman	6 	4 	6 	
Battlecry: Return all spells you played last turn to your hand. Krag'wa has a ritual to honor his friends and a ritual to devour his enemies. No one can tell them apart.
Likkim	Rare	Weapon		 Shaman	2 	1 	3 	
Has +2 Attack while you have Overloaded Mana Crystals. "I double frog dare you!"
Linecracker	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	7 	5 	10 	
Overkill: Double this minion's Attack. "Tell me if you’ve heard this one!"
Mark of the Loa	Rare	Spell		 Druid	4 			
Choose One -
Give a minion +2/+4 and Taunt; or Summon two 3/2 Raptors. Ah, yes. Mark. The mightiest Loa.
Masked Contender	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	4 	
Battlecry: If you control a Secret, cast a Secret from your deck. Knew Mysterious Challenger back when he was a Mysterious Squire.
Mass Hysteria	Rare	Spell		 Priest	5 			
Force each minion to attack another random minion. Black Friday gets worse every year.
Master's Call	Epic	Spell		 Hunter	3 			
Discover a minion from your deck. Draw all three cards if they are three Beasts. "Hello? Yes, this is Huffer."
Mojomaster Zihi	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	6 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Set each player to 5 Mana Crystals. Sadly, she was still two credits short of her Witch Doctorate.
Mosh'Ogg Announcer	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	5 	6 	6 	
Enemies attacking this have a 50% chance to attack someone else. One's play-by-play. The other is off-color.
Mosh'ogg Enforcer	Common	Minion	General	 Any	8 	2 	14 	
Taunt
Divine Shield Can’t break the rules if you can’t read ‘em.
Murloc Tastyfin	Rare	Minion	Murloc	 Any	4 	3 	2 	
Deathrattle: Draw 2 Murlocs from your deck. He was destined for the soup. One way or another…
Oondasta	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Any	9 	7 	7 	
Rush. Overkill: Summon a Beast from your hand. Adorning devilsaurs with armor and feathers is a respected job in troll culture, although it has a high turnover rate.
Ornery Tortoise	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	3 	3 	5 	
Battlecry: Deal 5 damage to your hero. "Dude, where's my pizza?!"
Overlord's Whip	Common	Weapon		 Warrior	3 	2 	4 	
After you play a minion, deal 1 damage to it. "This merit badge is for cruelty. This one's for whipping. And this one is for embroidery..."
Pounce	Common	Spell		 Druid	0 			
Give your hero +2 Attack this turn. Comes with an overwhelming urge to jump into the nearest open box.
Predatory Instincts	Rare	Spell		 Druid	4 			
Draw a Beast from your deck and double its Health. Somebody’s been eating their funnel cakes.
Princess Talanji	Legendary	Minion	General	 Priest	8 	7 	5 	
Battlecry: Summon all minions from your hand that didn't start in your deck. Everyone wants to be a princess, but nobody ever considers the size of the hat.
Pyromaniac	Rare	Minion	General	 Mage	3 	3 	4 	
Whenever your Hero Power kills a minion, draw a card. She prefers “Flammably Inclined.”
Rabble Bouncer	Common	Minion	General	 Any	7 	2 	7 	
Taunt
Costs (1) less for each enemy minion. "Shirt? Shoes!? No service!"
Raiding Party	Rare	Spell		 Rogue	4 			
Draw two Pirates from your deck. Combo: Draw a Weapon. And a bowl of chips. And some of those little cocktail weenies!
Rain of Toads	Common	Spell		 Shaman	6 			
Summon three 2/4 Toads with Taunt.
Overload: (3) "Oh, THAT'S how she brings the warts!"
Reckless Diretroll	Common	Minion	General	 Warlock	3 	2 	6 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Discard your lowest Cost card. "Reck less!? ME WRECK MOAR!"
Regenerate	Common	Spell		 Priest	0 			
Restore 3 Health. Finally a cure for degenerates.
Regeneratin' Thug	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	5 	
At the start of your turn, restore 2 Health to this minion. Regenerates any injury except heartbreak.
Revenge of the Wild	Rare	Spell		 Hunter	2 			
Summon your Beasts that died this turn. My roommates only use Revenge of the Passive Aggressive.
Rumbletusk Shaker	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	2 	
Deathrattle: Summon a 3/2 Rumbletusk Breaker. Rub a dub dub, three trolls in a tub.
And who do you think dey be?
Da Shaker, Da Breaker, and Da Undatakah.
And all of dem comin' for me.
Sand Drudge	Common	Minion	General	 Priest	3 	3 	3 	
Whenever you cast a spell, summon a 1/1 Zombie with Taunt. Loves long walks on the beach, raising the dead, and chocolates.
Saronite Taskmaster	Common	Minion	General	 Any	1 	2 	3 	
Deathrattle: Summon a 0/3 Free Agent with Taunt for your opponent. Don't even think of asking for time off.
Savage Striker	Common	Minion	General	 Druid	2 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: Deal damage to an enemy minion equal to your hero's Attack. Ruthless at tribal roasts.
Scarab Egg	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	0 	2 	
Deathrattle: Summon three 1/1 Scarabs. They say you can’t make an omelet without AHHH THEY’RE EATING MY FACE!
Scorch	Rare	Spell		 Mage	4 			
Deal 4 damage to a minion. If you played an Elemental last turn, this costs (1). The hoof.
The hoof.
The hoof is on fire.
Seance	Common	Spell		 Priest	2 			
Choose a minion. Add a copy of it to your hand. “The spirits spoke to me.”
"What did they say?"
"You had lethal two turns ago."
Serpent Ward	Rare	Minion	Totem	 Any	2 	0 	2 	
At the end of your turn, deal 2 damage to the enemy hero. When snakes get sick, they get sent to the Serpent Ward.
Serrated Tooth	Common	Weapon		 Rogue	1 	1 	3 	
Deathrattle: Give your minions Rush. The tooth hurts, don’t it?
Sharkfin Fan	Common	Minion	Pirate	 Any	2 	2 	2 	
After your hero attacks, summon a 1/1 Pirate. His taste in soup is criminal.
Shieldbreaker	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	1 	
Battlecry: Silence an enemy minion with Taunt. Can also break up fights, relationships, and unions.
Shirvallah, the Tiger	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Paladin	25 	7 	5 	
Divine Shield, Rush, Lifesteal
Costs (1) less for each Mana you've spent on spells. On bended knee Thekal placed his weapon upon Shirvallah’s altar, whereupon she slowly knocked it off with her paw.
Shriek	Rare	Spell		 Warlock	1 			
Discard your lowest Cost card. Deal 2 damage to all minions. The first warning sign of an oncoming warlock temper tantrum.
Sightless Ranger	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	3 	4 	
Rush
Overkill: Summon two 1/1 Bats. An eye for sore sights.
Smolderthorn Lancer	Epic	Minion	General	 Warrior	3 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, destroy a damaged enemy minion. Here comes “The Smolder.”
Snapjaw Shellfighter	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	5 	3 	8 	
Whenever an adjacent minion takes damage, this minion takes it instead. Nonono, the turtle is the Shellfighter.
Soulwarden	Epic	Minion	General	 Warlock	6 	6 	6 	
Battlecry: Add 3 random cards you discarded this game to your hand. Reduce, reuse, resoul.
Soup Vendor	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	2 	1 	4 	
Whenever you restore 3 or more Health to your hero, draw a card. Fresh from the floor of the arena!
Spellzerker	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	3 	
Has Spell Damage +2 while damaged. But don’t ask her to use it in a sentence.
Spirit of the Bat	Rare	Minion	General	 Warlock	2 	0 	3 	
Stealth for 1 turn.
After a friendly minion dies, give a minion in your hand +1/+1. Nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah, nah nah nah nah
Spirit of the Dead	Rare	Minion	General	 Priest	1 	0 	3 	
Stealth for 1 turn.
After a friendly minion dies, shuffle a 1-Cost copy of it into your deck. Just because you’re dead doesn’t mean you’re off the team.
Spirit of the Dragonhawk	Rare	Minion	General	 Mage	2 	0 	3 	
Stealth for 1 turn.
Your Hero Power also targets adjacent minions. Dragonhawks aren’t known for their accuracy.
Spirit of the Frog	Rare	Minion	General	 Shaman	3 	0 	3 	
Stealth for 1 turn.
Whenever you cast a spell, draw a spell from your deck that costs (1) more. It is Wednesday, my dudes.
Spirit of the Lynx	Rare	Minion	General	 Hunter	3 	0 	3 	
Stealth for 1 turn.
Whenever you summon a Beast, give it +1/+1. Much of this shrine’s power lies in the can-opener noise it makes.
Spirit of the Raptor	Rare	Minion	General	 Druid	1 	0 	3 	
Stealth for 1 turn.
After your hero attacks and kills a minion, draw a card. “Loti! LOTI! Drop it. Drop it Loti! Down! Down Loti!”
Spirit of the Rhino	Rare	Minion	General	 Warrior	1 	0 	3 	
Stealth for 1 turn.
Your Rush minions are Immune the turn they're summoned. Where did they get this preposterous hypothesis?
Spirit of the Shark	Rare	Minion	General	 Rogue	4 	0 	3 	
Stealth for 1 turn.
Your minions' Battlecries and Combos trigger twice. It has Stealth, but its ominous theme music keeps giving it away.
Spirit of the Tiger	Rare	Minion	General	 Paladin	4 	0 	3 	
Stealth for 1 turn.
Whenever you cast a spell, summon a Tiger with stats equal to its Cost. Less of a cantrip and more of a cat-nip.
Splitting Image	Epic	Spell		 Mage	3 			
Secret: When one of your minions is attacked, summon a copy of it. Sometimes you get punched so hard they see double.
Springpaw	Common	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	1 	1 	1 	
Rush
Battlecry: Add a 1/1 Lynx with Rush to your hand. The terrible thing about lynxes is lynxes are terrible things. Their teeth are made out of biting, their paws are made out of springs!
Stampeding Roar	Epic	Spell		 Druid	6 			
Summon a random Beast from your hand and give it Rush. The Gurubashi Arena has an extremely permissive policy on pets in the workplace.
Stolen Steel	Common	Spell		 Rogue	2 			
Discover a weapon (from another class). Because Thrall wouldn't lend me Doomhammer.
Sul'thraze	Epic	Weapon		 Warrior	6 	4 	4 	
Overkill: You may attack again. “Griftah here with de Sul’chop. One chop, you get four damage. Two chops, eight damage - you gonna change de way you fight."
Surrender to Madness	Epic	Spell		 Priest	3 			
Destroy 3 of your Mana Crystals. Give all minions in your deck +2/+2. Never give up, always surrender!
The Beast Within	Epic	Spell		 Hunter	1 			
Give a friendly Beast +1/+1, then it attacks a random enemy minion. Undoes years of obedience school training.
Ticket Scalper	Common	Minion	Pirate	 Any	4 	5 	3 	
Overkill: Draw 2 cards. Takes ten percent off the top.
Time Out!	Common	Spell		 Paladin	3 			
Your hero is Immune until your next turn. Highly effective against 3 year olds.
Totemic Smash	Common	Spell		 Shaman	1 			
Deal 2 damage.
Overkill: Summon a basic Totem. Trolls are the first group to have a totem survive atmospheric re-entry.
Treespeaker	Epic	Minion	General	 Druid	5 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Transform your Treans into 5/5 Ancients. Honestly, his delivery is a little wooden.
Untamed Beastmaster	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	4 	
Whenever you draw a Beast, give it +2/+2. All it takes is a tummy rub.
Void Contract	Epic	Spell		 Warlock	8 			
Destroy half of each player's deck. “YOU SIGNED WHAT?!”
Walk the Plank	Common	Spell		 Rogue	4 			
Destroy an undamaged minion. Pirates will fall for anything.
War Master Voone	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warrior	4 	4 	3 	
Battlecry: Copy all Dragons in your hand. War Master sounds cooler than Dragon Sitter.
Wardruid Loti	Legendary	Minion	General	 Druid	3 	1 	2 	
Choose One - Transform into one of Loti's four dinosaur forms. “Ravasaur!”
“Pretty scary”
“…Blammodax!”
“Is that a thing?”
“SMAXODON!”
“….now you’re just making those up.”
Wartbringer	Common	Minion	General	 Shaman	1 	2 	1 	
Battlecry: If you played 2 spells this turn, deal 2 damage. “Does she cause them with magic, or just…like have a bucket she brings with her?”
Waterboy	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	1 	
Battlecry: Your next Hero Power this turn costs (0). 100% organic troll sweat.
Zandalari Templar	Rare	Minion	General	 Paladin	4 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: If you've restored 10 Health this game, gain +4/+4 and Taunt. YOU WERE A TEMPLAR, JONDAR!
Zentimo	Legendary	Minion	General	 Shaman	3 	1 	3 	
Whenever you target a minion with a spell, cast it again on its neighbors. Serenity. Peace. Many frogs.
Zul'jin	Legendary	Hero card		 Hunter	10 			
Battlecry: Cast all spells you've played this game (targets chosen randomly). If you can dodge an axe, you can dodge a ball.