Arcane Servant	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Any	2 	2 	3 	
"Would sir like me to punch something?"
Burly Shovelfist	Common	Minion	General	 Any	9 	9 	9 	
Rush Shovel beats paper and rock!
Dalaran Crusader	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	5 	4 	
Divine Shield Stops for nothing—except donuts.
Dalaran Librarian	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: Silence adjacent minions. Don't make her raise her "shush"!
Eccentric Scribe	Common	Minion	General	 Any	6 	6 	4 	
Deathrattle: Summon four 1/1 Vengeful Scrolls. Them's fightin' words!
EVIL Cable Rat	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	2 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Add a Lackey to your hand. Gradually driven to darkness by the promise of unobtainable cheese.
Faceless Rager	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	5 	1 	
Battlecry: Copy a friendly minion's Health. When you need to rage anonymously.
Flight Master	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	4 	
Battlecry: Summon a 2/2 Gryphon for each player. Your gryphon will be summoned following a brief safety demonstration.
Hench-Clan Hogsteed	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	2 	2 	1 	
Rush
Deathrattle: Summon a 1/1 Murloc. This is CLEARLY their first rodeo.
Hench-Clan Sneak	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	3 	
Stealth He'd be a lot sneakier if he wasn't trailing 300 yeards of power cable...
Heroic Innkeeper	Common	Minion	General	 Any	8 	4 	4 	
Taunt. Battlecry: Gain +2/+2 for each other friendly minion. We reserve the right to refuse service to any 1/1.
Mana Reservoir	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Any	2 	0 	6 	
Spell Damage +1 If it soaks too long, it becomes a reservoir hog.
Potion Vendor	Common	Minion	General	 Any	1 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Restore 2 Health to all friendly characters. Everyone gets two because that's all she can hold.
Proud Defender	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	2 	6 	
Taunt
Has +2 Attack while you have no other minions. It'll take a humble offender to defeat him.
Safeguard	Common	Minion	Mech	 Any	6 	4 	5 	
Taunt
Deathrattle: Summon a 0/5 Vault Safe with Taunt. Keep it secret. Keep it safeguarded!
Soldier of Fortune	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Any	4 	5 	6 	
Whenever this minion attacks, give your opponent a Coin. His allies call him invaluable.
Spellbook Binder	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: If you have Spell Damage, draw a card. You're bound to love his work!
Sunreaver Spy	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: If you control a Secret, gain +1/+1. She's watching. Always watching.
Toxfin	Common	Minion	Murloc	 Any	1 	1 	2 	
Battlecry: Give a friendly Murloc Poisonous. I'm addicted to him, but I know that he's Toxfin.
Traveling Healer	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	2 	
Divine Shield
Battlecry: Restore 3 Health. Some heroes have soft hearts and hard shells.
Violet Spellsword	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	1 	6 	
Battlecry: Gain +1 Attack for each spell in your hand. If you have to wield a spell and a sword, then neither is performing to expectation.
Violet Warden	Common	Minion	General	 Any	6 	4 	7 	
Taunt
Spell Damage +1 He's got magic, a shield, and an unwavering obsession with the color purple.
Acornbearer	Common	Minion	General	 Druid	1 	2 	1 	
Deathrattle: Add two 1/1 Squirrels to your hand. You'd be nuts to mess with the squirrel squad.
Blessing of the Ancients	Common	Spell		 Druid	1 			
Twinspell
Give your minions +1/+1. Arguably the cutest blessing.
Crystal Power	Common	Spell		 Druid	1 			
Choose One: Deal 2 damage to a minion; or Restore 5 Health. Often used as healing crystals, but also good for throwing at people.
Marked Shot	Common	Spell		 Hunter	4 			
Deal 4 damage to a minion.
Discover a spell. Obviously it's marked for greatness.
Rapid Fire	Common	Spell		 Hunter	1 			
Twinspell
Deal 1 damage. Pew! Pew!
Ursatron	Common	Minion	Mech	 Hunter	3 	3 	3 	
Deathrattle: Draw a Mech from your deck. It's been programmed to include all the bear necessities.
Magic Dart Frog	Common	Minion	Beast	 Mage	2 	1 	3 	
After you cast a spell, deal 1 damage to a random enemy minion. There's a powerful throat in this frog.
Messenger Raven	Common	Minion	Beast	 Mage	3 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Discover a Mage minion. You can make a collect CAW!
Ray of Frost	Common	Spell		 Mage	1 			
Twinspell
Freeze a minion. If it's already Frozen, deal 2 damage to it. If you have zero chill, this can help.
Bronze Herald	Common	Minion	Dragon	 Paladin	3 	3 	2 	
Deathrattle: Add two 4/4 Dragons to your hand. This is why you shouldn't shoot the messenger.
Lightforged Blessing	Common	Spell		 Paladin	2 			
Twinspell
Give a friendly minion Lifesteal. Some might call this a lightforgery.
Never Surrender!	Common	Spell		 Paladin	1 			
Secret: When your opponent casts a spell, give your minions +2 Health. But sometimes concede.
EVIL Conscripter	Common	Minion	General	 Priest	2 	2 	2 	
Deathrattle: Add a Lackey to your hand. Kobold! There's a place you can handle
I said kobold! When you're short in the candle
Cast a spell with the E! V! I! L!
Hench-Clan Shadequill	Common	Minion	General	 Priest	4 	4 	7 	
Deathrattle: Restore 5 Health to the enemy hero. The Hench-Clan has a point.
Unsleeping Soul	Common	Spell		 Priest	4 			
Silence a friendly minion, then summon a copy of it. It's 3 am. Do you know where your soul is?
Daring Escape	Common	Spell		 Rogue	1 			
Return all friendly minions to your hand. Impossible to cast without cackling evilly.
EVIL Miscreant	Common	Minion	General	 Rogue	3 	1 	4 	
Combo: Add two random Lackeys to your hand. Because there are no G.O.O.D. Miscreants.
Hench-Clan Burglar	Common	Minion	Pirate	 Rogue	4 	4 	3 	
Battlecry: Discover a spell from another class. She's more of a rat burglar.
Mutate	Common	Spell		 Shaman	0 			
Transform a friendly minion into a random one that costs (1) more. You'll get the transformation you want when murlocs fly.
Soul of the Murloc	Common	Spell		 Shaman	2 			
Give your minions "Deathrattle: Summon a 1/1 Murloc." Previously thought nonexistent.
Walking Fountain	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Shaman	8 	4 	8 	
Lifesteal, Rush, Windfury The weirdest part is that it doesn't have legs.
Aranasi Broodmother	Common	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	6 	4 	6 	
Taunt
When you draw this, restore 4 Health to your hero. She's got a big brood and a big mood.
EVIL Genius	Common	Minion	General	 Warlock	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Destroy a friendly minion to add 2 random Lackeys to your hand. You do not want to be on the business end of this intellect!
Rafaam's Scheme	Common	Spell		 Warlock	3 			
Summon 1 1/1 Imp.
(Upgrades each turn!) "When your first plan fails... imp-rovise."
Dr. Boom's Scheme	Common	Spell		 Warrior	4 			
Gain 1 Armor.
(Upgrades each turn!) "We did it! We blew up the vault!"
"You mean the vault door?"
"Oh. The doooor..."
Improve Morale	Common	Spell		 Warrior	1 			
Deal 1 damage to a minion.
If it is survives, add a Lackey to your hand. "The beatings will continue until MY morale improves."
Vicious Scraphound	Common	Minion	Mech	 Warrior	2 	2 	3 	
Whenever this minion deals damage, gain that much Armor. It begs for scraps.
Arcane Watcher	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	3 	5 	6 	
Can't attack unless you have Spell Damage. Now his watch has ended... until you have Spell Damage.
Exotic Mountseller	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	7 	5 	8 	
Whenever you cast a spell, summon a random 3-Cost Beast. *Taps roof of mammoth* "You can fit so many squirrels in this thing!"
Hecklebot	Rare	Minion	Mech	 Any	4 	3 	8 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Your opponent summons a minion from their deck. Built by goblins, designed by a troll.
Mad Summoner	Rare	Minion	Demon	 Any	6 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Fill each player's board with 1/1 Imps. Does he summon because of his madness, or is he mad from all the summoning?
Portal Keeper	Rare	Minion	Demon	 Any	4 	5 	2 	
Battlecry: Shuffle 3 Portals into your deck. When drawn, summon a 2/2 Demon with Rush. No longer allowed to be "it" when playing demon tag.
Recurring Villain	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	5 	3 	6 	
Deathrattle: If this minion has 4 or more Attack, resummon it. Mwahahaha! You'll never catch him this time!
Spellward Jeweler	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	4 	
Battlecry: Your hero can't be targeted by spells or Hero Powers until your next turn. The fanciest possible way of distracting enemies with shiny things.
Sunreaver Warmage	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a spell that costs (5) or more, deal 4 damage. What, did you expect the Sunreavers to be coldages?
Tunnel Blaster	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	7 	3 	7 	
Taunt
Deathrattle: Deal 3 damage to all minions. And you always thought they wore the candles just for fun.
Underbelly Ooze	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	7 	3 	5 	
After this minion survives damage, summon a copy of it. It's always accepting of the less successful adventurers.
Dreamway Guardians	Rare	Spell		 Druid	2 			
Summon two 1/2 Dryads with Lifesteal. They're a nightmare to deal with.
Lifeweaver	Rare	Minion	General	 Druid	3 	2 	5 	
Whenever you restore Health, add a random Druid spell to your hand. Lifeweaving is all well and good until it's time to cut the thread.
The Forest's Aid	Rare	Spell		 Druid	8 			
Twinspell
Summon five 2/2 Treants. Delicious Forest's Aid! Made from real forests.
Hunting Party	Rare	Spell		 Hunter	5 			
Copy all Beasts in your hand. Not sure I'd call it a good party if everyone ends up beside themselves.
Shimmerfly	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	1 	1 	1 	
Deathrattle: Add a random Hunter spell to your hand. Plenty of buzz around this card.
Unleash the Beast	Rare	Spell		 Hunter	6 			
Twinspell
Summon a 5/5 Wyvern with Rush. The Kirin Tor has always been lax in enforcing leash laws.
Conjurer's Calling	Rare	Spell		 Mage	4 			
Twinspell
Destroy a minion. Summon 2 minions of the same Cost to replace it. If only you'd let it go to voicemail...
Kirin Tor Tricaster	Rare	Minion	General	 Mage	4 	3 	3 	
Spell Damage +3
Your spells cost (1) more. The math checks out!
Magic Trick	Rare	Spell		 Mage	1 			
Discover a spell that costs (3) or less. The world is not ready for an illusion of this depth and intricacy!
Call to Adventure	Rare	Spell		 Paladin	3 			
Draw the lowest Cost minion from your deck. Give it +2/+2. Even the smallest minion can change the outcome of the game.
Desperate Measures	Rare	Spell		 Paladin	1 			
Twinspell
Cast a random Paladin Secret. Desperate times call for disparate secrets.
Mysterious Blade	Rare	Weapon		 Paladin	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: If you control a Secret, gain +1 Attack. It knows every secret you have felt.
Convincing Infiltrator	Rare	Minion	General	 Priest	5 	2 	6 	
Taunt
Deathrattle: Destroy a random enemy minion. It's always nice to steal a familiar face.
Forbidden Words	Rare	Spell		 Priest	0 			
Spend all your Mana. Destroy a minion with that much Attack or less. Please confirm your age before reading this flavor text.
Mass Resurrection	Rare	Spell		 Priest	9 			
Summon 3 friendly minions that died this game. One's company, two's a crowd, and three's a "mass" resurrection, apparently.
Togwaggle's Scheme	Rare	Spell		 Rogue	1 			
Choose a minion.
Shuffle 1 copy of it into your deck.
(Upgrades each turn!) "Many minions equals many treasures for king. Kobold arithmetic!"
Underbelly Fence	Rare	Minion	General	 Rogue	2 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a card from another class, gain +1/+1 and Rush. She'll take anything you have—except scruples and a good work ethic.
Vendetta	Rare	Spell		 Rogue	4 			
Deal 4 damage to a minion. Costs (0) if you're holding a card from another class. A vengeful and vicarious vanguard against violent villains or vexed victims.
Hagatha's Scheme	Rare	Spell		 Shaman	5 			
Deal 1 damage to all minion.
(Upgrades each turn!) "All shall suffer!"
"But Hagatha, those are your minions..."
"I said ALL!!!"
Sludge Slurper	Rare	Minion	Murloc	 Shaman	1 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Add a Lackey to your hand. Overload: (1) You can't stop slurping this delicious sludge!
Underbelly Angler	Rare	Minion	Murloc	 Shaman	2 	2 	3 	
After you play a Murloc, add a random Murloc to your hand. Attracts murlocs... and moths.
Eager Underling	Rare	Minion	General	 Warlock	4 	2 	2 	
Deathrattle: Give two random friendly minions +2/+2. Eager to please, even if it kills him.
Impferno	Rare	Spell		 Warlock	3 			
Give your Demons +1 Attack. Deal 1 damage to all enemy minions. Imps don't get mad when you set them on fire. They think it's cozy.
Plot Twist	Rare	Spell		 Warlock	2 			
Shuffle your hand into your deck. Draw that many cards. It's coming from inside the deck!
Clockwork Goblin	Rare	Minion	Mech	 Warrior	3 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Shuffle a Bomb into your opponent's deck. When draw, it explodes for 5 damage. They always end up bombing.
Dimensional Ripper	Rare	Spell		 Warrior	10 			
Summon 2 copies of a minion in your deck. The first dimensional ripper had a point.
The second fell flat.
The THIRD one really started to take shape!
Sweeping Strikes	Rare	Spell		 Warrior	2 			
Give a minion "Also damages minions next to whomever this attacks." Infinitely preferable to mopping strikes.
Azerite Elemental	Epic	Minion	Elemental	 Any	5 	2 	7 	
At the start of your turn, gain Spell Damage +2. This is some bad blood.
Batterhead	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	8 	3 	12 	
Rush. After this attacks and kills a minion, it may attack again. When it comes to problem-solving, he always uses his head.
Big Bad Archmage	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	10 	6 	6 	
At the end of your turn, summon a random 6-Cost minion. "My, my, what big minions I have!"
Hench-Clan Hag	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Summon two 1/1 Amalgams with all minion types. The Hench Clan is an equal opportunity employer, no matter which parts of you came from where.
Magic Carpet	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	3 	1 	6 	
After you play a 1-Cost minion, give it +1 Attack and Rush. Its small yet fierce riders are affectionately known as rug rats.
Portal Overfiend	Epic	Minion	Demon	 Any	6 	5 	6 	
Battlecry: Shuffle 3 Portals into your deck. When drawn, summon a 2/2 Demon with Rush. It's like an interdimensional game of demon tag.
Unseen Saboteur	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	6 	5 	6 	
Battlecry: Your opponent casts a random spell from their hand (targets chosen randomly). Far more effective than the flamboyant saboteur.
Whirlwind Tempest	Epic	Minion	Elemental	 Any	8 	6 	6 	
Your minions with Windfury have Mega-Windfury. And your minions with mega-windfury get... dizzy.
Crystal Stag	Epic	Minion	Beast	 Druid	5 	4 	4 	
Rush. Battlecry: If you've restored 5 Health this game, summon a copy of this. Arrives alone, but usually leaves with a friend just like him.
Crystalsong Portal	Epic	Spell		 Druid	2 			
Discover a Druid minion. If you hand has no minions, keep all 3. Experience the draw of the wild!
Arcane Fletcher	Epic	Minion	General	 Hunter	4 	3 	3 	
Whenever you play a 1-Cost minion, draw a spell from your deck. Stop trying to make fletch happen. It's not going to happen.
Nine Lives	Epic	Spell		 Hunter	3 			
Discover a friendly Deathrattle minion that died this game. Also trigger its Deathrattle. Beware the night of the living pets!
Mana Cyclone	Epic	Minion	Elemental	 Mage	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: For each spell you've cast this turn, add a random Mage spell to your hand. It'll put a good spin on your spells.
Power of Creation	Epic	Spell		 Mage	8 			
Discover a 6-Cost minion. Summon two copies of it. Mostly used for party tricks, to be honest.
Dragon Speaker	Epic	Minion	General	 Paladin	5 	3 	5 	
Battlecry: Give all Dragons in your hand +3/+3. All of his speeches really drag on.
Duel!	Epic	Spell		 Paladin	5 			
Summon a minion from each player's deck. They fight! If you don't fight to the death, it's Duel Yielding.
Lazul's Scheme	Epic	Spell		 Priest	0 			
Reduce the Attack of an enemy minion by 1 until your next turn.
(Upgrades each turn!) "What's that you're dreaming?
You're weak and you're screaming!
It must be my scheming..."
Shadowy Figure	Epic	Minion	General	 Priest	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Transform into a 2/2 copy of a friendly Deathrattle minion. Terrible at shadow puppets: "This is... a tentacle! And this is... two tentacles!"
Unidentified Contract	Epic	Spell		 Rogue	6 			
Destroy a minion. Gains a bonus effect in your hand. The terms of service are constantly changing.
Waggle Pick	Epic	Weapon		 Rogue	4 	4 	2 	
Deathrattle: Return a random friendly minion to your hand. It costs (2) less. Kobolds informally refer to its effect as a deathwaggle.
Muckmorpher	Epic	Minion	General	 Shaman	5 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Transform into a 4/4 copy of a different minion in your deck. Fan favorite in the muck morphin' sewer strangers.
Witch's Brew	Epic	Spell		 Shaman	2 			
Restore 4 Health. Repeatable this turn. The swill has eyes!
Darkest Hour	Epic	Spell		 Warlock	6 			
Destroy all friendly minions. For each one, summon a random minion from your deck. It's always darkest just before you find the light switch.
Jumbo Imp	Epic	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	10 	8 	8 	
Costs (1) less whenever a friendly Demon dies while this is in your hand. Jumbo in size! Huge in E.V.I.L.!
Omega Devastator	Epic	Minion	Mech	 Warrior	4 	4 	5 	
Battlecry: If you have 10 Mana Crystals, deal 10 damage to a minion. The Alpha Devastator didn't devastate enough. The Beta Devastator devastated too much. But the Omega was just right!
Wrenchcalibur	Epic	Weapon		 Warrior	4 	3 	2 	
After your hero attacks, shuffle a Bomb into your opponent's deck. Whoso pulleth out this wrench from the toolbox is rightwise king of the lab.
Archivist Elysiana	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	9 	7 	7 	
Battlecry: Discover 5 cards. Replace your deck with 2 copies of each. Your deck is just another organizational challenge to her.
Archmage Vargoth	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	4 	2 	6 	
At the end of your turn, cast a spell you've cast this turn (targets are random). He's an archmage, but he might want to brush up on the basics... like aiming.
Barista Lynchen	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	5 	
Battlecry: Add a copy of each of your other Battlecry minions to your hand. "Thanks a latte!"
Chef Nomi	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	7 	6 	6 	
Battlecry: If your deck is empty, summon six 6/6 Greasefire Elementals. His cooking is always very well done.
Jepetto Joybuzz	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	8 	6 	6 	
Battlecry: Draw 2 minions from your deck. Set their Attack, Health, and Cost to 1. "I'm a real toy now!"
Zayle, Shadow Cloak	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	2 	3 	2 	
You start the game with one of Zayle's EVIL Decks! E.V.I.L. is the new black.
Keeper Stalladris	Legendary	Minion	General	 Druid	2 	2 	3 	
After you cast a Choose One spell, add copies of both choices to your hand. Keeps your choices handy.
Lucentbark	Legendary	Minion	General	 Druid	8 	4 	8 	
Taunt
Deathrattle: Go dormant. Restore 5 Health to awaken this minion. Always feels refreshed after a little dirt nap.
Oblivitron	Legendary	Minion	Mech	 Hunter	6 	3 	4 	
Deathrattle: Summon a Mech from your hand and trigger its Deathrattle. Reduce, reuse, re-rattle!
Vereesa Windrunner	Legendary	Minion	General	 Hunter	7 	5 	6 	
Battlecry: Equip Thori'dal, the Stars' Fury. Good things come in threes: Windrunner sisters and arrows of Thori'dal.
Kalecgos	Legendary	Minion	Dragon	 Mage	10 	4 	12 	
Your first spell each turn costs (0).
Battlecry: Discover a spell. He was once the Aspect of Magic but gave it up to focus on cheap tricks.
Khadgar	Legendary	Minion	General	 Mage	2 	2 	2 	
Your cards that summon minions summon twice as many. "What do you call two minions summoned at once? Twinions, haha! Wait... where are you going?"
Commander Rhyssa	Legendary	Minion	General	 Paladin	3 	4 	3 	
Your Secrets trigger twice. Two people can keep a secret as long as neither of them are Commander Rhyssa.
Nozari	Legendary	Minion	Dragon	 Paladin	10 	4 	12 	
Battlecry: Restore both heroes to full Health. In another timeline, she was called Yeszari.
Catrina Muerte	Legendary	Minion	General	 Priest	8 	6 	8 	
At the end of your turn, summon a friendly minion that died this game. She always manages to lift your spirits.
Madame Lazul	Legendary	Minion	General	 Priest	3 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Discover a copy of a card in your oppponent's hand. Of course she knows the future, she's been looking at your cards the WHOLE TIME!
Heistbaron Togwaggle	Legendary	Minion	General	 Rogue	6 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: If you control a Lackey, choose a fantastic treasure. A staunch ally of Rafaam, at least while the shinies keep flowing.
Tak Nozwhisker	Legendary	Minion	General	 Rogue	7 	6 	6 	
Whenever you shuffle a card into your deck, add a copy to your hand. "One for me and one for future me!"
Scargil	Legendary	Minion	Murloc	 Shaman	4 	4 	4 	
Your Murlocs cost (1). Wanna know how he got those scars? So does he.
Swampqueen Hagatha	Legendary	Minion	General	 Shaman	7 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Add a 5/5 Horror to your hand. Teach it two Shaman spells. Rafaam mainly enjoys working with Hagatha because she never laughs at Dr. Boom's jokes.
Arch-Villain Rafaam	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warlock	7 	7 	8 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Replace your hand and deck with Legendary minions. Minions must wash hands before being LIQUIDATED AND REPLACED BY SOMEONE BETTER.
Fel Lord Betrug	Legendary	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	8 	5 	7 	
Whenever you draw a minion, summon a copy with Rush that dies at end of turn. Nobody else likes rush hour.
Blastmaster Boom	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warrior	7 	7 	7 	
Battlecry: Summon two 1/1 Boom Bots for each Bomb in your opponent's deck. He's gonna fly through the air with the greatest of grease.
Scourgelord Dazzik	Legendary	Hero card		 Warrior	8 			
Battlecry: Equip a 4/3 Shadowmourne that also damages adjacent minions. 
The Boom Reaver	Legendary	Minion	Mech	 Warrior	10 	7 	9 	
Battlecry: Summon a copy of a minion in your deck. Give it Rush. "What's better than reaving? BOOM reaving!"
