Activate the Obelisk	Legendary	Spell		 Priest	1 			
Quest: Restore 15 Health.
Reward: Obelisk's Eye. A one-eyed, one stone, towering purple minion healer.
Ancestral Guardian	Common	Minion	General	 Paladin	4 	4 	2 	
Lifesteal
Reborn No one knows whose ancestor he is, but he's still upset that you never call.
Ancient Mysteries	Common	Spell		 Mage	2 			
Draw a Secret from your deck. It costs (0). I'm not saying it was aliens, but it was TOTALLY aliens!
Anka, the Buried	Legendary	Minion	General	 Rogue	5 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Change each Deathrattle minion in your hand into a 1/1 that costs (1). "You look familiar. Were you at my first funeral?"
Anubisath Defender	Epic	Minion	General	 Druid	5 	3 	5 	
Taunt. Costs (0) if you've cast a spell that costs (5) or more this turn. Also comes running when he hears a can opener.
Anubisath Warbringer	Common	Minion	General	 Any	9 	9 	9 	
Deathrattle: Give all minions in your hand +3/+3. Some dogs will bring you a bone or a squeaky toy. This one brings war!
Arcane Flakmage	Rare	Minion	General	 Mage	2 	3 	2 	
After you play a Secret, deal 2 damage to all enemy minions. Ancient pandaren proverb: He who is without secrets lacks flak.
Armagedillo	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Warrior	6 	4 	7 	
Taunt
At the end of your turn, give all Taunt minions in your hand +2/+2. We may never know what provoked it, but we will never forget the consequences.
Armored Goon	Common	Minion	General	 Warrior	6 	6 	7 	
Whenever your hero attacks, gain 5 Armor. Armored except for non-critical areas, such as the head, torso, fists and thighs.
Bazaar Burglary	Legendary	Spell		 Rogue	1 			
Quest: Add 4 cards from other classes to your hand.
Reward: Ancient Blades. Just when you set up your "All-Natural Scented Candles" at the farmer's market and then some STUPID KOBOLD COMES AND TAKES THEM ALL!
Bazaar Mugger	Rare	Minion	General	 Rogue	5 	3 	5 	
Rush
Battlecry: Add a random minion from another class to your hand. Premium muggings at a discount price.
Beaming Sidekick	Common	Minion	General	 Any	1 	1 	2 	
Battlecry: Give a friendly minion +2 Health. Sure, I'll carry the water! And the food! And the tents! And the cursed monkey paw!
BEEEES!!!	Common	Spell		 Druid	3 			
Choose a minion. Summon four 1/1 Bees that attack it. Right before CEEEES!!!
Blatant Decoy	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	6 	5 	5 	
Deathrattle: Each player summons the lowest Cost minion from their hand. "Hah! You is being tricked by ME! Togwaggle!"
Bloodsworn Mercenary	Epic	Minion	General	 Warrior	3 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Choose a damaged friendly minion. Summon a copy of it. You look really hurt. You could use a friend!
Body Wrapper	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	4 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Discover a friendly minion that died this game. Shuffle it into your deck. She uses pickle slices for the eyes. Keeps them well-preserved.
Bone Wraith	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	2 	5 	
Taunt
Reborn It uses only the eco-friendly bones from free-range humanoids.
Brazen Zealot	Rare	Minion	General	 Paladin	1 	2 	1 	
Whenever you summon a minion, gain +1 Attack. Some paladins really Light it up.
Bug Collector	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	1 	
Battlecry: Summon a 1/1 Locust with Rush. The only one who likes BEEEES!!!
Candletaker	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	2 	
Reborn "You no waaaake caaaandle!"
Clever Disguise	Common	Spell		 Rogue	2 			
Add 2 random spells from another class to your hand. "It me! Togwaggle!"
Cloud Prince	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Mage	5 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: If you control a Secret, deal 6 damage. "In West Cloudidelphia, born and raised; flinging lightning for the rest of my days."
Colossus of the Moon	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	10 	10 	10 	
Divine Shield
Reborn Strike him down, and you'll face the Colossus of the New Moon.
Conjured Mirage	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	10 	
Taunt
At the start of your turn, shuffle this minion into your deck. What you see is Isiset.
Corrupt the Waters	Legendary	Spell		 Shaman	1 			
Quest: Play 6 Battlecry cards.
Reward: Heart of Vir'naal. This is why Hagatha is banned from public pools.
Crystal Merchant	Epic	Minion	General	 Druid	2 	1 	4 	
If you have any unspent Mana at the end of your turn, draw a card. I won't ask about your mana curve if you don't ask where I got these.
Dark Pharaoh Tekahn	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warlock	5 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: For the rest of the game, your Lackeys are 4/4. He'll get that League of Explorers and their little murloc too!
Desert Hare	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	3 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Summon two 1/1 Desert Hares. After they're caught, they're dessert hares.
Desert Obelisk	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	5 	0 	5 	
If you control 3 of these at the end of your turn, deal 5 damage to a randon enemy. The Obelisk of the Stars can hide an entire land from prying eyes! Or zap a rando.
Desert Spear	Common	Weapon		 Hunter	3 	1 	3 	
After your hero attacks, summon a 1/1 Locust with Rush. Goes on the right, next to the desert spoon.
Dinotamer Brann	Legendary	Minion	General	 Hunter	7 	2 	4 	
Battlecry: If your deck has no duplicates, summon King Krush. Brann's new dino-taming hobby is going well—his pet can already make him sit, stand, and roll over!
Diseased Vulture	Epic	Minion	Beast	 Warlock	4 	3 	5 	
After your hero takes damage on your turn, summon a random 3-Cost minion. He's off the twig! He's kicked the bucket! THIS IS AN EX-VULTURE!
Dune Sculptor	Rare	Minion	General	 Mage	3 	3 	3 	
After you cast a spell, add a random Mage minion to your hand. Come for the magic show, stay for the sand castles.
Dwarven Archaeologist	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	3 	
After you Discover a card, reduce its cost by (1). She's making great progress on paying off that advanced degree.
Earthquake	Rare	Spell		 Shaman	7 			
Deal 5 damage to all minions, then deal 2 damage to all minions. Shake it, sh-sh-sh-shake it like a Kalimdor fissure.
Elise the Enlightened	Legendary	Minion	General	 Druid	5 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: If your deck has no duplicates, duplicate your hand. From cartographer to combatant, Elise has taken the road less traveled—because no one else could find it on a map.
Embalming Ritual	Common	Spell		 Priest	1 			
Give a minion Reborn. "Guess what! We're getting a new cat."
EVIL Recruiter	Common	Minion	General	 Warlock	3 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Destroy a friendly Lackey to summon a 5/5 Demon. I'm starting to think the lackeys aren't evil, just taken advantage of.
EVIL Totem	Common	Minion	Totem	 Shaman	2 	0 	2 	
At the end of your turn, add a Lackey to your hand. A lot of people blame the parents when a totem goes bad.
Expired Merchant	Rare	Minion	General	 Warlock	2 	2 	1 	
Battlecry: Discard your highest Cost card.
Deathrattle: Add 2 copies of it to your hand. The "best by" date is more like a guideline.
Faceless Lurker	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	3 	3 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Double this minion's Health. Longtime lurker, first time attacker.
Fishflinger	Common	Minion	Murloc	 Any	2 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Add a random Murloc to each player's hand. The scent of fish lingers on the fishflinger's fish fingers.
Flame Ward	Common	Spell		 Mage	3 			
Secret: After a minion attacks your hero, deal 3 damage to all enemy minions. Not to be confused with the burn ward.
Frightened Flunky	Common	Minion	General	 Warrior	2 	2 	2 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Discover a Taunt minion. Some people just aren't cut out to be supervillain material.
Garden Gnome	Rare	Minion	General	 Druid	4 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a spell that costs (5) or more, summon two 2/2 Treants. "Greetings, my little shrubs... It's whittlin' time."
Generous Mummy	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	3 	5 	4 	
Reborn
Your opponent's cards cost (1) less. Yeah, she's mummified, but her money hasn’t dried up!
Golden Scarab	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	3 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Discover a 4-Cost card. Who actually puts all the gold plating on these things, and why?
Grandmummy	Rare	Minion	General	 Priest	2 	1 	2 	
Reborn
Deathrattle: Give a random friendly minion +1/+1. A grandmummy’s love is eternal.
Hack the System	Legendary	Spell		 Warrior	1 			
Quest: Attack 5 times with your hero.
Reward: Anraphet's Core. Anything can be hacked, if you're holding an axe.
Hidden Oasis	Rare	Spell		 Druid	6 			
Choose One - Summon a 6/6 Ancient with Taunt; or Restore 12 Health. Amazing that it's been hidden, given the twenty-foot treant splashing around in it.
High Priest Amet	Legendary	Minion	General	 Priest	4 	2 	7 	
Whenever you summon a minion, set its Health equal to this minion's. All minions are equal, but some minions are more equal than others.
History Buff	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	4 	
Whenever you play a minion, give a random minion in your hand +1/+1. Actually... what happened was...
Holy Ripple	Rare	Spell		 Priest	2 			
Deal 1 damage to all enemies. Restore 1 Health to all friendly characters. I still prefer the taste of banana fudge ripple.
Hooked Scimitar	Common	Weapon		 Rogue	3 	2 	2 	
Combo: Gain +2 Attack. Oooooooooooow. I'm hooked on a scimitar!
Hunter's Pack	Common	Spell		 Hunter	3 			
Add a random Hunter Beast, Secret, and weapon to your hand. Oh look! It's a trap!
Hyena Alpha	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	4 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: If you control a Secret, summon two 2/2 Hyenas. Everything the sun touches is ours—so long as it's already dead.
Impbalming	Rare	Spell		 Warlock	4 			
Destroy a minion. Shuffle 3 Worthless Imps into your deck. With your complexion, Imp Balm is a great demonizer.
Infested Goblin	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	3 	
Taunt
Deathrattle: Add two 1/1 Scarabs with Taunt to your hand. Trust us. DON'T go cheap on the scarab repellent.
Injured Tol'vir	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	6 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Deal 3 damage to this minion. Me-OW!
Into the Fray	Rare	Spell		 Warrior	1 			
Give all Taunt minions in your hand +2/+2. "You are in my FRAY!"
Jar Dealer	Common	Minion	General	 Any	1 	1 	1 	
Deathrattle: Add a random 1-Cost minion to your hand. What's in the jar? It could be anyone!
Khartut Defender	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	6 	3 	4 	
Taunt, Reborn
Deathrattle: Restore 3 Health to your hero. Gesundheit!
King Phaoris	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	10 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: For each spell in your hand, summon a random minion of the same Cost. When you're the king of the cats, the whole desert is your litterbox.
Kobold Sandtrooper	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	1 	
Deathrattle: Deal 3 damage to the enemy hero. Stay while, take candle.
Livewire Lance	Epic	Weapon		 Warrior	3 	2 	2 	
After your Hero attacks, add a Lackey to your hand. The lance is heavy but it’s the battery pack that really does a number on the shoulders.
Living Monument	Common	Minion	General	 Any	10 	10 	10 	
Taunt This is not the greatest card in the world. This is just a monument.
Making Mummies	Legendary	Spell		 Paladin	1 			
Quest: Play 5 Reborn minions.
Reward: Emperor Wraps. "I do say, this gives me the vapors every single time!"
Micro Mummy	Epic	Minion	Mech	 Paladin	2 	1 	2 	
Reborn
At the end of your turn, give another random friendly minion +1 Attack. The dramatically detailed terrifically trimmed replica of the real thing!
Mischief Maker	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Swap the top card of your deck with your opponent's. Fair trade is for noble-minded suckers with dignity and honor.
Mogu Cultist	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	1 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: If your board is full of Mogu Cultists, sacrifice them all and summon Highkeeper Ra. Mogu cultists have the worst team-building exercises.
Mogu Fleshshaper	Rare	Minion	General	 Shaman	9 	3 	4 	
Rush. Costs (1) less for each minion on the battlefield. He's here to shape *clap* you up!
Mortuary Machine	Epic	Minion	Mech	 Any	5 	8 	8 	
After your opponent plays a minion, give it Reborn. The ankle bone's connected to the shin bone. The knuckle bone's connected to the... eh, it'll be fine.
Murmy	Common	Minion	Murloc	 Any	1 	1 	1 	
Reborn Unlike other mummies, they rolled him up with rice, sliced cucumbers, and soy sauce on the side.
Naga Sand Witch	Rare	Minion	General	 Mage	5 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Change the Cost of spells in your hand to (5). 5 mana footlong, anyone?
Neferset Ritualist	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: Restore adjacent minions to full Health. The Neferset are great—they'll always make sure their friends are feline fine.
Neferset Thrasher	Common	Minion	General	 Warlock	3 	4 	5 	
Whenever this attacks, deal 3 damage to your hero. Tough to do skateboard tricks with four legs.
Oasis Surger	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Druid	5 	3 	3 	
Rush
Choose One - Gain +2/+2; or Summon a copy of this minion. Surge's up, dude!
Octosari	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Any	8 	8 	8 	
Deathrattle: Draw 8 cards. Eight arms of sand-flinging, foe-wringing, card-slinging fury!
Overflow	Rare	Spell		 Druid	7 			
Restore 5 Health to all characters. Draw 5 cards. It's a high five followed by a low tide.
Penance	Common	Spell		 Priest	2 			
Lifesteal
Deal 3 damage to a minion. This is what happens when you don’t give a sincere apology.
Phalanx Commander	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	5 	
Your Taunt minions have +2 Attack. Turns out he's really good at herding cats.
Pharaoh Cat	Common	Minion	Beast	 Rogue	1 	1 	2 	
Battlecry: Add a random Reborn minion to your hand. Mightiest of mousers, enduring in kingship of the upper and lower cat tree, conqueror of the red dot, the all-wise Catshepsut.
Pharaoh's Blessing	Rare	Spell		 Paladin	6 			
Give a minion +4/+4, Divine Shield, and Taunt. Life hack: Sneeze near a pharaoh.
Pit Crocolisk	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	8 	5 	6 	
Battlecry: Deal 5 damage. PIT! Not PET!
Plague of Death	Epic	Spell		 Priest	9 			
Silence and destroy all minions. Don't worry, there's a happy little funhouse right under that sand pit.
Plague of Flames	Rare	Spell		 Warlock	1 			
Destroy all your minions. For each one, destroy a random enemy minion. This is fine.
Plague of Madness	Rare	Spell		 Rogue	1 			
Each player equips a 2/2 Knife with Poisonous. Don't bring a candle to a knife fight.
Plague of Murlocs	Epic	Spell		 Shaman	3 			
Transform all minions into random Murlocs. This is horrible! And adorable!
Plague of Wrath	Rare	Spell		 Warrior	5 			
Destroy all damaged minions. "Thanks, I HATE it!"
Pressure Plate	Common	Spell		 Hunter	2 			
Secret: After your opponent casts a spell, destroy a random enemy minion. The appropriate dishware for stressful situations.
Psychopomp	Epic	Minion	General	 Priest	4 	3 	1 	
Battlecry: Summon a random friendly minion that died this game. Give it Reborn. "Come with me if you want to re-live."
Puzzle Box of Yogg-Saron	Epic	Spell		 Mage	10 			
Cast 10 random spells
(targets chosen randomly). "PUT THE BOX DOWN, RENO!"
Questing Explorer	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: If you control a Quest, draw a card. Earned her merit badges the hard way—twelve zhevra hooves at a time.
Quicksand Elemental	Rare	Minion	Elemental	 Any	2 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Give all enemy minions -2 Attack this turn. Use a light abrasive to buff blemishes away but use a heavy abrasive to debuff problems.
Raid the Sky Temple	Legendary	Spell		 Mage	1 			
Quest: Cast 10 spells.
Reward: Ascendant Scroll. "Why can't I hold all these scrolls?"
Ramkahen Wildtamer	Rare	Minion	General	 Hunter	3 	4 	3 	
Battlecry: Copy a random Beast in your hand. She gets to decide what cards go to the Hall of Fame.
Reno the Relicologist	Legendary	Minion	General	 Mage	6 	4 	6 	
Battlecry: If your deck has no duplicates, deal 10 damage randomly split among all enemy minions. All his life, Reno Jackson was only a gatling wand away from becoming the greatest and most terrifying mage who ever existed.
Restless Mummy	Common	Minion	General	 Warrior	4 	3 	2 	
Rush
Reborn Life-separation anxiety syndrome.
Riftcleaver	Epic	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	6 	7 	5 	
Battlecry: Destroy a minion. Your hero takes damage equal to its Health. Brings you face to face with your destructive impulses.
Sahket Sapper	Rare	Minion	Pirate	 Rogue	4 	4 	4 	
Deathrattle: Return a random enemy minion to your opponent's hand. "Here, you dropped this."
Salhet's Pride	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Paladin	3 	3 	1 	
Deathrattle: Draw two 1-Health minions from your deck. Pride cometh before the maul.
Sandhoof Waterbearer	Common	Minion	General	 Priest	5 	5 	5 	
At the end of your turn, restore 5 Health to a damaged friendly character. Used to carrying for his team.
Sandstorm Elemental	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Shaman	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Deal 1 damage to all enemy minions.
Overload: (1) Doot doot doot doot doot [Pause] Doot doot doot doot doot DEE doot doot doot doot doot!
Sandwasp Queen	Common	Minion	Beast	 Paladin	2 	3 	1 	
Battlecry: Add two 2/1 Sandwasps to your hand. Oooh, see that wasp!
Watch that sting!
Dig in the Sandwasp Queen!
Scarlet Webweaver	Epic	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	6 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Reduce the Cost of a random Beast in your hand by (5). Isn't that nice? The spider made the explorer a sleeping bag!
Serpent Egg	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	0 	3 	
Deathrattle: Summon a 3/4 Sea Serpent. These things go from "adorable danger noodle!" to "MY FACE IS MELTING!" all too quickly.
Shadow of Death	Epic	Spell		 Rogue	4 			
Choose a minion. Shuffle 3 'Shadows' into your deck that summon a copy when drawn. Making new friends takes skill.
Siamat	Legendary	Minion	Elemental	 Any	7 	6 	6 	
Battlecry: Gain 2 of Rush, Taunt, Divine Shield, or Windfury (your choice). TAUNT. TAUNT.
Sinister Deal	Common	Spell		 Warlock	1 			
Discover a Lackey. "So, what's in the sack?"
"Something... sinister."
"Okay, it's a deal."
Sir Finley of the Sands	Legendary	Minion	Murloc	 Paladin	2 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: If your deck has no duplicates, Discover an upgraded Hero Power. "The sands shall be my sea! And this scarab shall be my, er, strange and wriggly boat!"
Spitting Camel	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	2 	2 	4 	
At the end of your turn, deal 1 damage to another random friendly minion. Were you expectorating another bad pun?
Splitting Axe	Epic	Weapon		 Shaman	4 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Summon copies of your Totems. The ancient shaman chant, "Control Axe, Control Vee."
Subdue	Common	Spell		 Paladin	2 			
Set a minion's Attack and Health to 1. Like humility but more humiliating.
Sunstruck Henchman	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	4 	6 	5 	
At the start of your turn, this has a 50% chance to fall asleep. There is E.V.I.L. here that DOES sleep.
Supreme Archaeology	Legendary	Spell		 Warlock	1 			
Quest: Draw 20 cards.
Reward: Tome of Origination. Archaeology is the discovery of rare and powerful artifacts. Supreme Archaeology is TAKING THEM!
Swarm of Locusts	Rare	Spell		 Hunter	6 			
Summon seven 1/1 Locusts with Rush. Good things never come in swarms.
Temple Berserker	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	1 	2 	
Reborn
Has +2 Attack while damaged. He's back. He's angry. And he's here to wrap things up.
Tip the Scales	Epic	Spell		 Paladin	8 			
Summon 7 Murlocs from your deck. Hold on, I need to get some murlocs to weigh in on this.
Tomb Warden	Rare	Minion	Mech	 Warrior	8 	3 	6 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Summon a copy of this minion. Also known as an ancient copy machine.
Tortollan Pilgrim	Epic	Minion	General	 Mage	8 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Discover a copy of a spell in your deck and cast it with random targets. A tortollan made it to the desert!
Totemic Surge	Common	Spell		 Shaman	0 			
Give your Totems +2 Attack. It's not really advanced shamanic magic, you just draw nasty eyebrows on them.
Unseal the Vault	Legendary	Spell		 Hunter	1 			
Quest: Summon 20 minions.
Reward: Ramkahen Roar. "Huh... That's a nice card back."
Untapped Potential	Legendary	Spell		 Druid	1 			
Quest: End 4 turns with any unspent Mana.
Reward: Ossirian Tear. The official term is "strategic laziness."
Vessina	Legendary	Minion	General	 Shaman	4 	2 	6 	
While you're Overloaded, your other minions have +2 Attack. She wasn't happy when Hagatha sent her back to Uldum. But her "angry" hiss sounds like her "happy" hiss, so no one knew the difference.
Vilefiend	Common	Minion	Demon	 Any	2 	2 	2 	
Lifesteal Dreamed of becoming a Stylefiend, but fel was never in season.
Vulpera Scoundrel	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: Discover a spell or pick a mystery choice. A spell is a spell, but the mystery choice could be anything! (It's also a spell.)
Wasteland Assassin	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	2 	
Stealth
Reborn They'll never see me coming, what with my glowing body, eyes and daggers.
Wasteland Scorpid	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	7 	3 	9 	
Poisonous After they get to a certain size, it doesn't matter if they're poisonous or not.
Weaponized Wasp	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Shaman	3 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: If you control a Lackey, deal 3 damage. Dr. Boom had one simple request: wasps with flippin' laser beams attached to their heads.
Whirlkick Master	Epic	Minion	General	 Rogue	2 	1 	2 	
Whenever you play a Combo card, add a random Combo card to your hand. C-c-combo!
Wild Bloodstinger	Epic	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	6 	6 	9 	
Battlecry: Summon a minion from your opponent's hand. Attack it. Tame Bloodstingers would politely invite your minion to tea.
Worthy Expedition	Common	Spell		 Druid	1 			
Discover a Choose One card. This isn't where I parked my mount.
Wrapped Golem	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	7 	7 	5 	
Reborn
At the end of your turn, summon a 1/1 Scarab with Taunt. The end result of one of the greatest wrap battles of all time.
Wretched Reclaimer	Rare	Minion	General	 Priest	3 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Destroy a friendly minion, then restore it to life with full Health. "Ok, here's the plan. We kill you, then bring you back." "Stronger?" "No, about the same."
Zephrys the Great	Legendary	Minion	Elemental	 Any	2 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: If your deck has no duplicates, wish for the perfect card. "Of course it's perfect, you're just not seeing how to use it."
Showing all 135 cards
