Arcane Keysmith	Epic	Minion	General	 Mage	4 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Discover a Secret. Put it into the battlefield. She sells all manner of keys: from A flat to G sharp.
Archmage Arugal	Legendary	Minion	General	 Mage	2 	2 	2 	
Whenever you draw a minion, add a copy of it to your hand. His worgen children call him Archmage AROO-OO-OO-OO-gal.
Azalina Soulthief	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	7 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Replace your hand with a copy of your opponent's. The cards are always golden on the other side.
Baleful Banker	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Choose a friendly minion. Shuffle a copy of it into your deck. He's gotten big into crypt-o-currency.
Bellringer Sentry	Rare	Minion	General	 Paladin	4 	3 	4 	
Battlecry and Deathrattle: Put a Secret from your deck into the battlefield. Who are you? Eh, none of my business.
Bewitched Guardian	Rare	Minion	General	 Druid	5 	4 	1 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Gain +1 Health for each card in your hand. Amwitched. Beingwitched. Beenwitched.
Blackhowl Gunspire	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warrior	7 	3 	8 	
Can't Attack. Whenever this minion takes damage, deal 3 damage to a random enemy. The upper windows used to be for aiming. Then we thought: "Hey! MORE cannons!"
Blackwald Pixie	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	4 	
Battlecry: Refresh your Hero Power. "Oh hi bark."
Blazing Invocation	Rare	Spell		 Shaman	1 			
Discover a Battlecry minion. A lot of shaman have started vaping their invocations.
Blink Fox	Common	Minion	Beast	 Rogue	3 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Add a random card to your hand (from your opponent's class). It's like, SUPER bad at staring contests.
Blood Witch	Rare	Minion	General	 Warlock	4 	3 	6 	
At the start of your turn, deal 1 damage to your hero. Like a sloppy joe for vampires.
Bogshaper	Epic	Minion	Elemental	 Shaman	7 	4 	8 	
Whenever you cast a spell, draw a minion from your deck. The tricky part is getting them to HOLD their shape.
Bonfire Elemental	Rare	Minion	Elemental	 Mage	5 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: If you played an Elemental last turn, draw a card. Next step: Marshmallow elementals.
Book of Specters	Epic	Spell		 Mage	2 			
Draw 3 cards. Discard any spells drawn. Known throughout the land as the Spooky-nomicon.
Carrion Drake	Rare	Minion	Dragon	 Hunter	5 	3 	7 	
Battlecry: If a minion died this turn, gain Poisonous. Fits easily into overhead luggage bins.
Cathedral Gargoyle	Epic	Minion	General	 Paladin	2 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, gain Taunt and Divine Shield. Fly like an eagle, drop like a rock.
Cauldron Elemental	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Any	8 	7 	7 	
Your other Elementals have +2 Attack. Decorating tip: Unused cauldrons can make a lovely elemental display.
Chameleos	Legendary	Minion	Beast	 Priest	1 	1 	1 	
Each turn this is in your hand, transform it into a card your opponent is holding. He's everyone you want to be.
Cheap Shot	Common	Spell		 Rogue	2 			
Echo
Deal 2 damage to a minion. 50% off. Every shot must go!
Chief Inspector	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	6 	
Battlecry: Destroy all enemy Secrets. Empty your pockets, I know you’ve got a Wandering Monster in there!
Cinderstorm	Rare	Spell		 Mage	3 			
Deal 5 damage randomly split among all enemies. Forecast: Cloudy with a chance of fireballs.
Clockwork Automaton	Common	Minion	Mech	 Any	5 	4 	4 	
Double the damage and healing of your Hero Power. Most mechs are pretty chill, but this one is all wound up.
Coffin Crasher	Rare	Minion	General	 Priest	6 	6 	5 	
Deathrattle: Summon a Deathrattle minion from your hand. Also does weddings.
Countess Ashmore	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	7 	6 	6 	
Battlecry: Draw a Rush, Lifesteal, and Deathrattle card from your deck. "1 minion… ah, ah, ah! 2 minions… ah, ah, ah! 3 minions… ah, ah, ah!"
Curio Collector	Rare	Minion	General	 Mage	5 	4 	4 	
Whenever you draw a card, gain +1/+1. Experts worry that curios are a gateway to face-collecting.
Curse of Weakness	Rare	Spell		 Warlock	2 			
Echo
Give all enemy minions -2 Attack until your next turn. Warlocks refer to this as a "balance change."
Cursed Castaway	Rare	Minion	Pirate	 Rogue	6 	5 	3 	
Rush
Deathrattle: Draw a Combo card from your deck. She was an ordinary castaway... until she found that cursed volleyball.
Cutthroat Buccaneer	Common	Minion	Pirate	 Rogue	3 	2 	4 	
Combo: Give your weapon +1 Attack. In life he worked as a sword swallower.
Darius Crowley	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warrior	5 	4 	4 	
Rush
After this attacks and kills a minion, gain +2/+2. You either die a villain, or live long enough to see yourself become the hero.
Dark Possession	Rare	Spell		 Warlock	1 			
Deal 2 damage to a friendly character. Discover a Demon. Wanted on three counts of gnomish possession.
Darkmire Moonkin	Common	Minion	General	 Any	7 	2 	8 	
Spell Damage +2 Birds of a feather Moonfire together.
Deadly Arsenal	Epic	Spell		 Warrior	6 			
Reveal a weapon from your deck. Deal its Attack to all minions. Oh look. A Gorehowl.
Deathweb Spider	Epic	Minion	Beast	 Warlock	5 	4 	6 	
Battlecry: If your hero took damage this turn, gain Lifesteal. The itsy bitsy spiders climbed up the village wall. Then came the witch and the spiders ate them all.
Deranged Doctor	Common	Minion	General	 Any	8 	8 	8 	
Deathrattle: Restore 8 Health to your hero. Unfortunately, his doctorate is in Murloc Literature.
Dire Frenzy	Common	Spell		 Hunter	4 			
Give a Beast +3/+3. Shuffle 3 copies into your deck with +3/+3. It's always Huffer. And Huffer. And Huffer. And Huffer.
Divine Hymn	Common	Spell		 Priest	2 			
Restore 6 Health to all friendly characters. Taken up an octave, it's highly effective against stained glass golems.
Dollmaster Dorian	Legendary	Minion	General	 Any	5 	2 	6 	
Whenever you draw a minion, summon a 1/1 copy of it. The children were puzzled by the scratches covering the insides of their toy-boxes.
Druid of the Scythe	Common	Minion	General	 Druid	3 	2 	2 	
Choose One - Transform into a 4/2 with Rush; or a 2/4 with Taunt. She's a scythe for sore eyes.
Duskbat	Common	Minion	Beast	 Warlock	3 	2 	4 	
Battlecry: If your hero took damage this turn, summon two 1/1 Bats. Happily married with two kids. It was love at first bite.
Duskfallen Aviana	Legendary	Minion	General	 Druid	5 	3 	7 	
The first card each player plays each turn costs (0). Someone called her "Tweety". She didn't take it well.
Duskhaven Hunter	Rare	Minion	General	 Hunter	3 	2 	5 	
Stealth
Each turn this is in your hand, swap its Attack and Health. After a short paws, she's back to herself again.
Earthen Might	Rare	Spell		 Shaman	2 			
Give a minion +2/+2. If it's an Elemental, add a random Elemental to your hand. Or it might not.
Emeriss	Legendary	Minion	Dragon	 Hunter	10 	8 	8 	
Battlecry: Double the Attack and Health of all minions in your hand. Taste your world's corruption! It tastes like chicken.
Face Collector	Legendary	Minion	General	 Rogue	3 	2 	2 	
Echo
Battlecry: Add a random Legendary minion to your hand. “I'll trade you a Malfurion for an Anduin.”
Felsoul Inquisitor	Common	Minion	Demon	 Any	4 	1 	6 	
Lifesteal
Taunt Everyone expects an inquisition reference.
Ferocious Howl	Common	Spell		 Druid	3 			
Draw a card.
Gain +1 Armor for each card in your hand. Have you ever heard the wolf cry to the blue corn moon?
Festeroot Hulk	Rare	Minion	General	 Warrior	5 	2 	7 	
After a friendly minion attacks, gain +1 Attack. Tree puns arboring.
Fiendish Circle	Common	Spell		 Warlock	4 			
Summon four 1/1 Imps. Like a knitting circle, but less evil.
Forest Guide	Rare	Minion	General	 Druid	4 	1 	6 	
At the end of your turn, both players draw a card. "Just sign this waiver, and we'll be on our way."
Furious Ettin	Common	Minion	General	 Any	7 	5 	9 	
Taunt One head is a morning person. The other head hates morning people.
Ghost Light Angler	Common	Minion	Murloc	 Shaman	2 	2 	2 	
Echo BoOooOogrglgrlgrlooOoOoo!
Ghostly Charger	Common	Minion	General	 Paladin	5 	3 	4 	
Divine Shield
Rush Maybe we should have called him Ghostly Rusher.
Gilnean Royal Guard	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	8 	3 	8 	
Divine Shield, Rush
Each turn this is in your hand, swap its Attack and Health. Admittedly, they kind of dropped the ball with Prince Liam.
Glinda Crowskin	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warlock	6 	3 	7 	
Minions in your hand have Echo. Summon an unlimited* number of minions!** *Six **Wisps
Hagatha the Witch	Legendary	Hero card		 Shaman	8 			
Battlecry: Deal 3 damage to all minions. Curse-bringer, tree-twister, mother of wretched things…Hanzo main.
Hench-Clan Thug	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	3 	
After your hero attacks, give this minion +1/+1. Hard time making ends meet? Hate the League of Explorers? Get a job henching!
Hidden Wisdom	Epic	Spell		 Paladin	1 			
Secret: After your opponent plays three cards in a turn, draw 2 cards. Find your own wisdom. Perhaps behind the couch.
Holy Water	Rare	Spell		 Priest	5 			
Deal 4 damage to a minion. If that kills it, add a copy of it to your hand. For a healthier option, try Holy Water: Zero.
Houndmaster Shaw	Legendary	Minion	General	 Hunter	4 	3 	6 	
Your other minions have Rush. They’re good dogs, Tess.
Hunting Mastiff	Common	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	2 	2 	1 	
Echo
Rush "Shh! You're going to start a howl!"
Lady in White	Legendary	Minion	General	 Priest	6 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Cast 'Inner Fire' on all minions in your deck. (set Attack equal to Health) She was a lady in polka dots until the gnomish laundromat incident.
Lifedrinker	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Any	4 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Deal 3 damage to the enemy hero. Restore 3 Health to your hero. In a pinch, he'll also settle for Holy Water: Zero.
Lord Godfrey	Legendary	Minion	General	 Warlock	7 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Deal 2 damage to all other minions. If any die, repeat this Battlecry. Betrayed the Alliance. Betrayed the Horde. All for 200 achievement points and a sweet, sweet hat.
Lost Spirit	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	1 	1 	
Deathrattle: Give your minions +1 Attack She simply refuses to ask for directions.
Mad Hatter	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Randomly toss 3 hats to other minions. Each hat gives +1/+1. He's entirely bonkers. All the best goblins are.
Marsh Drake	Common	Minion	Dragon	 Any	3 	5 	4 	
Battlecry: Summon a 2/1 Poisonous Drakeslayer for your opponent. She would have gotten away with it, if it weren't for that meddling Drakeslayer.
Militia Commander	Rare	Minion	General	 Warrior	4 	2 	5 	
Rush
Battlecry: Gain +3 Attack this turn. She only needs two commands: "Heel" and "Sic 'em!"
Mistwraith	Rare	Minion	General	 Rogue	4 	3 	5 	
Whenever you play an Echo card, gain +1/+1. One little Mistwraith sitting in a tree. M-I-S-T-I-N-G.
Mossy Horror	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	6 	2 	7 	
Battlecry: Destroy all other minions with 2 or less Attack. The hills have eyes. And teeth. Pretty bad breath, too.
Muck Hunter	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	5 	5 	8 	
Rush
Battlecry: Summon two 2/1 Mucklings for your opponent. You think your job mucks.
Night Prowler	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Any	4 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: If this is the only minion in the battlefield, gain +3/+3. Listen to the mew-sic of the night.
Nightmare Amalgam	Epic	Minion	All	 Any	3 	3 	4 	
This is an Elemental, Mech, Demon, Murloc, Dragon, Beast, Pirate and Totem. Be all that you can be.
Nightscale Matriarch	Rare	Minion	Dragon	 Priest	7 	4 	9 	
Whenever a friendly minion is healed, summon a 3/3 Whelp. Everywhelp, get in here!
Paragon of Light	Rare	Minion	General	 Paladin	3 	2 	5 	
While this minion has 3 or more Attack, it has Taunt and Lifesteal. She’s all fun and games until someone rings that stupid bell.
Phantom Militia	Rare	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	4 	
Echo
Taunt Recruited from the Gilnean opera house.
Pick Pocket	Rare	Spell		 Rogue	2 			
Echo
Add a random card to your hand (from your opponent's class). He'll pick anyone's pocket, except a gnome's. He'd never stoop so low.
Prince Liam	Legendary	Minion	General	 Paladin	5 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Transform all your 1-Cost cards in your deck into Legendary minions. "I have a very particular set of skills. Skills that make me a nightmare for witches like you."
Pumpkin Peasant	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	4 	
Lifesteal
Each turn this is in your hand, swap its Attack and Health. Time to squash your opponent.
Quartz Elemental	Common	Minion	Elemental	 Priest	5 	5 	8 	
Can't attack while damaged. These elementals, along with feldspar and mica, are often taken for granite.
Rabid Worgen	Common	Minion	General	 Warrior	3 	3 	3 	
Rush "I'm sorry, son. We had to send Old Howler off…to a farm…to play…"
Rat Trap	Epic	Spell		 Hunter	2 			
Secret: After your opponent plays three cards in a turn, summon a 6/6 Rat. MISSING: One giant rat. Please return to King Togwaggle.
Ratcatcher	Epic	Minion	General	 Warlock	3 	2 	2 	
Rush
Battlecry: Destroy a friendly minion and gain its Attack and Health. He's on the hunt for Togwaggle's missing rat.
Ravencaller	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	1 	
Battlecry: Add two random 1-Cost minions to your hand. That Friends and Familiars Plan is really paying off!
Rebuke	Common	Spell		 Paladin	2 			
Enemy spells cost (5) more next turn. When one buke just isn’t enough.
Redband Wasp	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Warrior	2 	1 	3 	
Rush
Has +3 Attack while damaged. Also comes in other colors, but red's in fashion this season.
Rotten Applebaum	Common	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	5 	
Taunt
Deathrattle: Restore 4 Health to your hero. Key ingredient in Gilnean applesauce.
Sandbinder	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	4 	2 	4 	
Battlecry: Draw an Elemental from your deck. The secret is glue.
Scaleworm	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Any	4 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, gain +1 Attack and Rush. A popular local alternative to bananas.
Shudderwock	Legendary	Minion	General	 Shaman	9 	6 	6 	
Battlecry: Repeat all other Battlecries from cards you played this game (targets chosen randomly). Beware the Shudderwock, my son. We're fresh out of vorpal daggers.
Silver Sword	Rare	Weapon		 Paladin	8 	3 	4 	
After your hero attacks, give your minions +1/+1. Silver’s malleability limits its utility as an edged weapon. On the other hand... SHINY!
Snap Freeze	Common	Spell		 Mage	2 			
Freeze a minion. If it's already Frozen, destroy it. Lick the ice block. I triple-double-dog-dare-you.
Sound the Bells!	Common	Spell		 Paladin	2 			
Echo
Give a minion +1/+2. Weirdly, the bells stop ringing after 5.
Spectral Cutlass	Epic	Weapon		 Rogue	4 	2 	2 	
Lifesteal
Whenever you play a card from another class, gain +1 Durability. So sharp it can cut through a spectral tomato!
Spellshifter	Common	Minion	General	 Any	2 	1 	4 	
Spell Damage +1
Each turn this is in your hand, swap its Attack and Health. He also goes by "worg-lock."
Splintergraft	Legendary	Minion	General	 Druid	8 	8 	8 	
Battlecry: Choose a friendly minion. Add a 10/10 copy to your hand that costs (10). We're going to need some bigger tweezers.
Splitting Festeroot	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	8 	4 	4 	
Deathrattle: Summon two 2/2 Splitting Saplings. No use crying over split Festeroot.
Squashling	Common	Minion	General	 Priest	2 	2 	1 	
Echo
Battlecry: Restore 2 Health. Everyone hail to the squashling song!
Swamp Dragon Egg	Common	Minion	General	 Any	1 	0 	3 	
Deathrattle: Add a random Dragon to your hand. Would you eat them in a ditch? Would you eat them with a witch?
Swamp Leech	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	1 	2 	1 	
Lifesteal A face only a druid could love.
Swift Messenger	Common	Minion	General	 Any	4 	2 	6 	
Rush
Each turn this is in your hand, swap its Attack and Health. Same turn delivery - guaranteed!
Tanglefur Mystic	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	4 	
Battlecry: Add a random 2-Cost minion to each player's hand. Doom! Only doom for you! But pay good tip, maybe less doom.
Tess Greymane	Legendary	Minion	General	 Rogue	8 	6 	6 	
Battlecry: Replay every card from another class you've played this game (targets chosen randomly). Those who cannot remember their card history are doomed to repeat it.
The Glass Knight	Legendary	Minion	General	 Paladin	4 	4 	3 	
Divine Shield
Whenever you restore Health, gain Divine Shield. She seems scary, but she's got a glass jaw.
Toki, Time-Tinker	Legendary	Minion	General	 Mage	6 	5 	5 	
Battlecry: Add a random Legendary minion from the past to your hand. Just a twist to the left, one quarter turn to the right and … oops! Well, we didn’t need that timeline anyway.
Totem Cruncher	Epic	Minion	Beast	 Shaman	4 	2 	3 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Destroy your Totems. Gain +2/+2 for each destroyed. When regular totem hours won't cut it.
Town Crier	Epic	Minion	General	 Warrior	1 	1 	2 	
Battlecry: Draw a Rush minion from your deck. When he was younger, he was the town crybaby.
Toxmonger	Epic	Minion	General	 Hunter	4 	2 	4 	
Whenever you play a minion that costs (1), give it Poisonous. Not all spiders are born poisonous. That's where he comes in.
Unpowered Steambot	Common	Minion	Mech	 Any	4 	0 	9 	
Taunt Overpowered Steambot got nerfed.
Vex Crow	Common	Minion	Beast	 Mage	4 	3 	3 	
Whenever you cast a spell, summon a random 2-Cost minion. As birds of ill omen, these crows often summon Doomsayers.
Vicious Scalehide	Common	Minion	Beast	 Any	2 	1 	3 	
Lifesteal
Rush They make wonderful pets if you're not allergic to blood loss.
Vilebrood Skitterer	Common	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	5 	1 	3 	
Poisonous
Rush It aspires to be a Vilebrood Dancer, but it has eight left feet.
Vivid Nightmare	Epic	Spell		 Priest	3 			
Choose a friendly minion. Summon a copy of it with 1 Health remaining. "I… I dreamed I accidentally crafted a golden Millhouse! It was so REAL!"
Voodoo Doll	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	3 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Choose a minion. Deathrattle: Destroy the chosen minion. "Aww, I love it! It even kinda looks like me."
Walnut Sprite	Common	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	3 	
Echo How do you make a walnut laugh? Crack it up!
WANTED!	Epic	Spell		 Rogue	4 			
Deal 3 damage to a minion. If that kills it, add a Coin to your hand. Wanted: Dead or Undead.
Warpath	Common	Spell		 Warrior	2 			
Echo
Deal 1 damage to all minions. "Left, right, left, right, there's none of the enemy left… Right?"
Wing Blast	Rare	Spell		 Hunter	4 			
Deal 4 damage to a minion. If a minion died this turn, this costs (1). Emeriss uses Wing Blast. It's super effective!
Wispering Woods	Epic	Spell		 Druid	4 			
Summon a 1/1 Wisp for each card in your hand. We didn't actually fire the guy who named Dark Wispers.
Witch's Apprentice	Common	Minion	Beast	 Shaman	1 	0 	1 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Add a random Shaman spell to your hand. Is she a frog that became a witch, or a witch that became a frog?
Witch's Cauldron	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	3 	0 	4 	
Whenever a friendly minion dies, add a random Shaman spell to your hand. Eye of murloc, ear of bat, foot of Fordring, fur of cat…
Witching Hour	Rare	Spell		 Druid	3 			
Summon a random friendly Beast that died this game. The gates to the Gilnean pet cemetary MUST remain locked at all times.
Witchwood Apple	Common	Spell		 Druid	2 			
Add three 2/2 Treants to your hand. An apple a day keeps the worgen at bay.
Witchwood Grizzly	Rare	Minion	Beast	 Any	5 	3 	12 	
Taunt
Battlecry: Lose 1 Health for each card in your opponent's hand. You know what they say about people with big hands? Small bears.
Witchwood Imp	Common	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	1 	1 	1 	
Stealth
Deathrattle: Give a random friendly minion +2 Health. THIS wood imp. Stop asking!
Witchwood Piper	Rare	Minion	Demon	 Any	4 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Draw a minion from your deck with the lowest mana cost. She rids villages of annoying pests, like rats and children.
Woodcutter's Axe	Common	Weapon		 Warrior	2 	2 	2 	
Deathrattle: Give a random friendly minion with Rush +2/+1. It's a lumberjack's axe and that's ok.
Worgen Abomination	Epic	Minion	General	 Any	7 	6 	6 	
At the end of your turn, deal 2 damage to all other damaged minions. Does anyone want to play dead!??!?
Wyrmguard	Common	Minion	General	 Any	7 	3 	11 	
Battlecry: If you're holding a Dragon, gain +1 Attack and Taunt. They think they're trusted guardians. Dragons think they're convenient snacks.
Zap!	Common	Spell		 Shaman	0 			
Deal 2 damage to a minion. Overload: (1) The material components for this spell are wool socks and a rug.
