Ancestral Healing	Free	Spell		 Shaman	0 			
Restore a minion to full Health and give it Taunt. I personally prefer some non-ancestral right-the-heck-now healing, but maybe that is just me.
Backstab	Free	Spell		 Rogue	0 			
Deal 2 damage to an undamaged minion. It's funny how often yelling "Look over there!" gets your opponent to turn around.
Innervate	Free	Spell		 Druid	0 			
Gain 1 Mana Crystal this turn only. Some druids still have flashbacks from strangers yelling "Innervate me!!" at them.
Moonfire	Free	Spell		 Druid	0 			
Deal 1 damage. "Cast Moonfire, and never stop." - How to Be a Druid, Chapter 5, Section 3
Sacrificial Pact	Free	Spell		 Warlock	0 			
Destroy a Demon. Restore 5 Health to your hero. This is the reason that Demons never really become friends with Warlocks.
Totemic Might	Free	Spell		 Shaman	0 			
Give your Totems +2 Health. Totem-stomping is no longer recommended.
Arcane Missiles	Free	Spell		 Mage	1 			
Deal 3 damage randomly split among all enemies. You'd think you'd be able to control your missiles a little better since you're a powerful mage and all.
Arcane Shot	Free	Spell		 Hunter	1 			
Deal 2 damage. Magi conjured arcane arrows to sell to hunters, until hunters learned just enough magic to do it themselves. The resulting loss of jobs sent Stormwind into a minor recession.
Blessing of Might	Free	Spell		 Paladin	1 			
Give a minion +3 Attack. "As in, you MIGHT want to get out of my way." - Toad Mackle, recently buffed.
Charge	Free	Spell		 Warrior	1 			
Give a friendly minion Charge. It can't attack heroes this turn. "Guys! Guys! Slow down!" - some kind of non-warrior minion
Claw	Free	Spell		 Druid	1 			
Give your hero +2 Attack this turn and 2 Armor. The claw decides who will stay and who will go.
Corruption	Free	Spell		 Warlock	1 			
Choose an enemy minion. At the start of your turn, destroy it. It starts with stealing a pen from work, and before you know it, BOOM! Corrupted!
Deadly Poison	Free	Spell		 Rogue	1 			
Give your weapon +2 Attack. Rogues guard the secrets to poison-making carefully, lest magi start incorporating poison into their spells. Poisonbolt? Rain of Poison? Poison Elemental? Nobody wants that.
Elven Archer	Free	Minion	General	 Any	1 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Deal 1 damage. Don't bother asking her out on a date. She'll shoot you down.
Frost Shock	Free	Spell		 Shaman	1 			
Deal 1 damage to an enemy character and Freeze it. FROST SHOCK!
Goldshire Footman	Free	Minion	General	 Any	1 	1 	2 	
Taunt If 1/2 minions are all that is defending Goldshire, you would think it would have been overrun years ago.
Grimscale Oracle	Free	Minion	Murloc	 Any	1 	1 	1 	
Your other Murlocs have +1 Attack. These are the brainy murlocs. It turns out that doesn’t mean much.
Hand of Protection	Free	Spell		 Paladin	1 			
Give a minion Divine Shield. This spell has been renamed so many times, even paladins don’t know what it should be called anymore.
Holy Smite	Free	Spell		 Priest	1 			
Deal 2 damage. It doesn't matter how pious you are. Everyone needs a good smiting now and again.
Humility	Free	Spell		 Paladin	1 			
Change a minion's Attack to 1. This card makes something really damp. Oh wait. That's "Humidity."
Light's Justice	Free	Weapon		 Paladin	1 	1 	4 	
Prince Malchezaar was a collector of rare weapons. He'd animate them and have them dance for him.
Mind Vision	Free	Spell		 Priest	1 			
Put a copy of a random card in your opponent's hand into your hand. I see what you did there.
Mirror Image	Free	Spell		 Mage	1 			
Summon two 0/2 minions with Taunt. Oh hey it's Mirror Image! !egamI rorriM s'ti yeh hO
Mortal Coil	Free	Spell		 Warlock	1 			
Deal 1 damage to a minion. If that kills it, draw a card. If your spells look like horrifying skulls, let's be honest, you should get to draw some cards.
Murloc Raider	Free	Minion	Murloc	 Any	1 	2 	1 	
Mrrraggglhlhghghlgh, mrgaaag blarrghlgaahahl mrgggg glhalhah a bghhll graggmgmg Garrosh mglhlhlh mrghlhlhl!!
Northshire Cleric	Free	Minion	General	 Priest	1 	1 	3 	
Whenever a minion is healed, draw a card. They help the downtrodden and distressed. Also they sell cookies.
Power Word: Shield	Free	Spell		 Priest	1 			
Give a minion +2 Health.
Radiance	Free	Spell		 Priest	1 			
Restore 5 Health to your hero. Because you're worth it!
Sinister Strike	Free	Spell		 Rogue	1 			
Deal 3 damage to the enemy hero. There's something about this strike that just feels off. Sinister, even.
Soulfire	Free	Spell		 Warlock	1 			
Deal 4 damage. Discard a random card. Are you lighting a soul on fire? Or burning someone with your OWN soul? This seems like an important distinction.
Stonetusk Boar	Free	Minion	Beast	 Any	1 	1 	1 	
Charge This card is boaring.
Timber Wolf	Free	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	1 	1 	1 	
Your other Beasts have +1 Attack. Other beasts totally dig hanging out with timber wolves.
Tracking	Free	Spell		 Hunter	1 			
Look at the top three cards of your deck. Draw one and discard the others. For the person who just cannot decide what card to put in their deck!
Voidwalker	Free	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	1 	1 	3 	
Taunt No relation to "The Voidsteppers", the popular Void-based dance troupe.
Voodoo Doctor	Free	Minion	General	 Any	1 	2 	1 	
Battlecry: Restore 2 Health. Voodoo is an oft-misunderstood art. But it is art.
Whirlwind	Free	Spell		 Warrior	1 			
Deal 1 damage to ALL minions. The way to tell seasoned warriors from novice ones: the novices yell "wheeeee" while whirlwinding.
Acidic Swamp Ooze	Free	Minion	General	 Any	2 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Destroy your opponent's weapon. Oozes love Flamenco. Don't ask.
Arcane Explosion	Free	Spell		 Mage	2 			
Deal 1 damage to all enemy minions. This spell is much better than Arcane Implosion.
Bloodfen Raptor	Free	Minion	Beast	 Any	2 	3 	2 	
"Kill 30 raptors." - Hemet Nesingwary
Bluegill Warrior	Free	Minion	Murloc	 Any	2 	2 	1 	
Charge He just wants a hug. A sloppy... slimy... hug.
Cleave	Free	Spell		 Warrior	2 			
Deal 2 damage to two random enemy minions. Hey you two…could you stand next to each other for a second…
Divine Spirit	Free	Spell		 Priest	2 			
Double a minion's Health. Double the trouble. Double the fun!
Execute	Free	Spell		 Warrior	2 			
Destroy a damaged enemy minion. It's okay, he deserved it.
Felstalker	Free	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	2 	4 	3 	
Battlecry: Discard a random card. This puppy chews up cards instead of shoes.
Frostbolt	Free	Spell		 Mage	2 			
Deal 3 damage to a character and Freeze it. It is customary to yell "Chill out!" or "Freeze!" or "Ice ice, baby!" when you play this card.
Frostwolf Grunt	Free	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	2 	
Taunt Grunting is what his father did and his father before that. It's more than just a job.
Heroic Strike	Free	Spell		 Warrior	2 			
Give your hero +4 Attack this turn. Really, if you're a hero, this is every strike.
Holy Light	Free	Spell		 Paladin	2 			
Restore 6 Health. If you are often bathed in Holy Light, you should consider wearing sunscreen.
Hunter's Mark	Free	Spell		 Hunter	2 			
Change a minion's Health to 1. Never play 'Hide and Go Seek' with a Hunter.
Kobold Geomancer	Free	Minion	General	 Any	2 	2 	2 	
Spell Damage +1 In the old days, Kobolds were the finest candle merchants in the land. Then they got pushed too far...
Mark of the Wild	Free	Spell		 Druid	2 			
Give a minion Taunt and +2/+2. (+2 Attack/+2 Health) Not to be confused with Jim of the Wild.
Murloc Tidehunter	Free	Minion	Murloc	 Any	2 	2 	1 	
Battlecry: Summon a 1/1 Murloc Scout. "Death will rise, from the tides!"
Novice Engineer	Free	Minion	General	 Any	2 	1 	1 	
Battlecry: Draw a card. "Half of this class will not graduate… since they'll have been turned to chickens." - Tinkmaster Overspark, teaching Gizmos 101.
River Crocolisk	Free	Minion	Beast	 Any	2 	2 	3 	
Edward "Lefty" Smith tried to make luggage out of a river crocolisk once.
Rockbiter Weapon	Free	Spell		 Shaman	2 			
Give a friendly character +3 Attack this turn. This would be real handy if your enemy is made of rock.
Sap	Free	Spell		 Rogue	2 			
Return an enemy minion to your opponent's hand. Rogues love sappy movies.
Shadow Word: Pain	Free	Spell		 Priest	2 			
Destroy a minion with 3 or less Attack. A step up from a spell cast by many beginning acolytes: "Shadow Word: Annoy".
Shiv	Free	Spell		 Rogue	2 			
Deal 1 damage. Draw a card. Rogues are experts at SHIV-al-ry.
Windfury	Free	Spell		 Shaman	2 			
Give a minion Windfury. Windfury is like Earthfury and Firefury, but more light and airy.
Animal Companion	Free	Spell		 Hunter	3 			
Summon a random Beast Companion. You could summon Misha, Leokk, or Huffer! Huffer is more trouble than he's worth.
Arcane Intellect	Free	Spell		 Mage	3 			
Draw 2 cards. Playing this card makes you SMARTER. And let's face it: we could all stand to be a little smarter.
Dalaran Mage	Free	Minion	General	 Any	3 	1 	4 	
Spell Damage +1 You don't see a lot of Dalaran warriors.
Drain Life	Free	Spell		 Warlock	3 			
Deal 2 damage. Restore 2 Health to your hero. "I've just sucked one year of your life away."
Fan of Knives	Free	Spell		 Rogue	3 			
Deal 1 damage to all enemy minions. Draw a card. I wouldn't say I LOVE knives, but I'm definitely a fan.
Fiery War Axe	Free	Weapon		 Warrior	3 	3 	2 	
During times of tranquility and harmony, this weapon was called by its less popular name, Chilly Peace Axe.
Flametongue Totem	Free	Minion	Totem	 Shaman	3 	0 	3 	
Adjacent minions have +2 Attack. Totemsmiths like to use the rarest woods for their totems. There are even rumors of totems made of Ironbark Protectors.
Frost Nova	Free	Spell		 Mage	3 			
Freeze all enemy minions. Hey man, that's cold. Literally and metaphorically.
Healing Touch	Free	Spell		 Druid	3 			
Restore 8 Health. 8 Health, no waiting.
Ironforge Rifleman	Free	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	2 	
Battlecry: Deal 1 damage. "Ready! Aim! Drink!"
Ironfur Grizzly	Free	Minion	Beast	 Any	3 	3 	3 	
Taunt "Bear Carcass 1/10"
Kill Command	Free	Spell		 Hunter	3 			
Deal 3 damage. If you have a Beast, deal 5 damage instead. "Kill!", he commanded.
Magma Rager	Free	Minion	Elemental	 Any	3 	5 	1 	
He likes to think he is powerful, but pretty much anyone can solo Molten Core now.
Raid Leader	Free	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	2 	
Your other minions have +1 Attack. "That's a 50 DKP minus!"
Razorfen Hunter	Free	Minion	General	 Any	3 	2 	3 	
Battlecry: Summon a 1/1 Boar. Someone did mess with Tuskerr once. ONCE.
Savage Roar	Free	Spell		 Druid	3 			
Give your characters +2 Attack this turn. What do they roar? Nobody can quite tell, but it sounds like "Elephant Macho Breeze". It's probably not that, though.
Shadow Bolt	Free	Spell		 Warlock	3 			
Deal 4 damage to a minion. It’s a Bolt. Its made out of Shadow. What more do you need to know!
Shadow Word: Death	Free	Spell		 Priest	3 			
Destroy a minion with an Attack of 5 or more. If you miss, it leaves a lightning-bolt-shaped scar on your target.
Shattered Sun Cleric	Free	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	2 	
Battlecry: Give a friendly minion +1/+1. They always have a spare flask of Sunwell Energy Drink™!
Shield Block	Free	Spell		 Warrior	3 			
Gain 5 Armor. Draw a card. Shields were invented because Face Block is USELESS.
Silverback Patriarch	Free	Minion	Beast	 Any	3 	1 	4 	
Taunt He likes to act like he's in charge, but the silverback matriarch actually runs things.
Warsong Commander	Free	Minion	General	 Warrior	3 	2 	3 	
Your Charge minions have +1 Attack. The Warsong clan is such drama. It's really not worth it to become a commander.
Wild Growth	Free	Spell		 Druid	3 			
Gain an empty Mana Crystal. Grow your own mana crystals with this Mana Crystal Growth Kit, only 39.99!
Wolfrider	Free	Minion	General	 Any	3 	3 	1 	
Charge Orcish raiders ride wolves because they are well adapted to harsh environments, and because they are soft and cuddly.
Blessing of Kings	Free	Spell		 Paladin	4 			
Give a minion +4/+4. (+4 Attack/+4 Health) Given the number of kings who have been assassinated, are you sure you want their blessing?
Chillwind Yeti	Free	Minion	General	 Any	4 	4 	5 	
He always dreamed of coming down from the mountains and opening a noodle shop, but he never got the nerve.
Consecration	Free	Spell		 Paladin	4 			
Deal 2 damage to all enemies. Consecrated ground glows with Holy energy. But it smells a little, too.
Dragonling Mechanic	Free	Minion	General	 Any	4 	2 	4 	
Battlecry: Summon a 2/1 Mechanical Dragonling. She is still working on installing the rocket launcher add-on for Mr. Bitey.
Fireball	Free	Spell		 Mage	4 			
Deal 6 damage. This spell is useful for burning things. If you're looking for spells that toast things, or just warm them a little, you're in the wrong place.
Gnomish Inventor	Free	Minion	General	 Any	4 	2 	4 	
Battlecry: Draw a card. She's never quite sure what she's making, she just knows it's AWESOME!
Hammer of Wrath	Free	Spell		 Paladin	4 			
Deal 3 damage. Draw a card. A good paladin has many tools. Hammer of Wrath, Pliers of Vengeance, Hacksaw of Justice, etc.
Hellfire	Free	Spell		 Warlock	4 			
Deal 3 damage to ALL characters. It's spells like these that make it hard for Warlocks to get decent help.
Hex	Free	Spell		 Shaman	4 			
Transform a minion into a 0/1 Frog with Taunt. If you Hex a Murloc... it really isn't much of a change, is it?
Houndmaster	Free	Minion	General	 Hunter	4 	4 	3 	
Battlecry: Give a friendly Beast +2/+2 and Taunt. "Who let the dogs out?" he asks. It's rhetorical.
Kor'kron Elite	Free	Minion	General	 Warrior	4 	4 	3 	
Charge The Kor'kron are the elite forces of Garrosh Hellscream. Let's just say you don't want to run into these guys while wearing a blue tabard.
Multi-Shot	Free	Spell		 Hunter	4 			
Deal 3 damage to two random enemy minions. You see, it's all about throughput.
Oasis Snapjaw	Free	Minion	Beast	 Any	4 	2 	7 	
His dreams of flying and breathing fire like his idol will never be realized.
Ogre Magi	Free	Minion	General	 Any	4 	4 	4 	
Spell Damage +1 Training Ogres in the art of spellcasting is a questionable decision.
Plaguebringer	Free	Minion	General	 Rogue	4 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Give a friendly minion Poisonous. One sip and you've got the grippe.
Polymorph	Free	Spell		 Mage	4 			
Transform a minion into a 1/1 Sheep. There was going to be a pun in this flavor text, but it just came out baa-d.
Sen'jin Shieldmasta	Free	Minion	General	 Any	4 	3 	5 	
Taunt Sen'jin Villiage is nice, if you like trolls and dust.
Stormwind Knight	Free	Minion	General	 Any	4 	2 	5 	
Charge They're still embarrassed about "The Deathwing Incident".
Swipe	Free	Spell		 Druid	4 			
Deal 4 damage to an enemy and 1 damage to all other enemies. When a bear rears back and extends his arms, he's about to Swipe! ... or hug.
Truesilver Champion	Free	Weapon		 Paladin	4 	4 	2 	
Whenever your hero attacks, restore 2 Health to it. It Slices, it Dices. You can cut a tin can with it. (But you wouldn't want to.)
Water Elemental	Free	Minion	Elemental	 Mage	4 	3 	6 	
Freeze any character damaged by this minion. Don't summon a water elemental at a party. It'll dampen the mood.
Windspeaker	Free	Minion	General	 Shaman	4 	3 	3 	
Battlecry: Give a friendly minion Windfury. Is there anything worse than a Windspeaker with halitosis?
Arcanite Reaper	Free	Weapon		 Warrior	5 	5 	2 	
No… actually you should fear the Reaper.
Assassin's Blade	Free	Weapon		 Rogue	5 	3 	4 	
Guaranteed to have been owned by a real assassin. Certificate of authenticity included.
Assassinate	Free	Spell		 Rogue	5 			
Destroy an enemy minion. If you don't want to be assassinated, move to the Barrens and change your name. Good luck!
Bloodlust	Free	Spell		 Shaman	5 			
Give your minions +3 Attack this turn. blaarghghLLGHRHARAAHAHHH!!
Booty Bay Bodyguard	Free	Minion	General	 Any	5 	5 	4 	
Taunt You can hire him... until someone offers him enough gold to turn on you.
Darkscale Healer	Free	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	5 	
Battlecry: Restore 2 Health to all friendly characters. Healing is just something she does in her free time. It's more of a hobby really.
Frostwolf Warlord	Free	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Gain +1/+1 for each other friendly minion on the battlefield. The Frostwolves are locked in combat with the Stormpike Expedition over control of Alterac Valley. Every attempt at peace-talks has ended with Captain Galvangar killing the mediator.
Gurubashi Berserker	Free	Minion	General	 Any	5 	2 	7 	
Whenever this minion takes damage, gain +3 Attack. No Pain, No Gain.
Holy Nova	Free	Spell		 Priest	5 			
Deal 2 damage to all enemies. Restore 2 Health to all friendly characters. If the Holy Light forsakes you, good luck casting this spell. Also, you're probably a jerk.
Nightblade	Free	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	4 	
Battlecry: Deal 3 damage to the enemy hero. Your face is the place you'd probably least like a dagger, and where rogues are most likely to deliver them.
Starving Buzzard	Free	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	5 	3 	2 	
Whenever you summon a Beast, draw a card. If you feed him, he loses his whole identity.
Stormpike Commando	Free	Minion	General	 Any	5 	4 	2 	
Battlecry: Deal 2 damage. The Stormpike Commandos are demolition experts. They also bake a mean cupcake.
Tundra Rhino	Free	Minion	Beast	 Hunter	5 	2 	5 	
Your Beasts have Charge. Tundra rhinos are often mistaken for kodos. Or am I mistaken?
Archmage	Free	Minion	General	 Any	6 	4 	7 	
Spell Damage +1 You earn the title of Archmage when you can destroy anyone who calls you on it.
Boulderfist Ogre	Free	Minion	General	 Any	6 	6 	7 	
"ME HAVE GOOD STATS FOR THE COST"
Dread Infernal	Free	Minion	Demon	 Warlock	6 	6 	6 	
Battlecry: Deal 1 damage to ALL other characters. "INFERNOOOOOOOOOO!" - Jaraxxus, Eredar Lord of the Burning Legion
Fire Elemental	Free	Minion	Elemental	 Shaman	6 	6 	5 	
Battlecry: Deal 3 damage. He can never take a bath. Ewww.
Lord of the Arena	Free	Minion	General	 Any	6 	6 	5 	
Taunt He used to be a 2100+ rated arena player, but that was years ago and nobody can get him to shut up about it.
Reckless Rocketeer	Free	Minion	General	 Any	6 	5 	2 	
Charge One Insane Rocketeer. One Rocket full of Explosives. Infinite Fun.
Starfire	Free	Spell		 Druid	6 			
Deal 5 damage. Draw a card. Balance is important to druids. This card is perfectly balanced.
Core Hound	Free	Minion	Beast	 Any	7 	9 	5 	
You don’t tame a Core Hound. You just train it to eat someone else before it eats you.
Flamestrike	Free	Spell		 Mage	7 			
Deal 4 damage to all enemy minions. When the ground is on fire, you should not stop, drop, and roll.
Guardian of Kings	Free	Minion	General	 Paladin	7 	5 	6 	
Battlecry: Restore 6 Health to your hero. Holy beings from the beyond are so cliché!
Sprint	Free	Spell		 Rogue	7 			
Draw 4 cards. Rogues are not good joggers.
Stormwind Champion	Free	Minion	General	 Any	7 	6 	6 	
Your other minions have +1/+1. When Deathwing assaulted the capital, this soldier was the only member of his squad to survive. Now he's all bitter and stuff.
War Golem	Free	Minion	General	 Any	7 	7 	7 	
Golems are not afraid, but for some reason they still run when you cast Fear on them. Instinct, maybe? A desire to blend in?
Ironbark Protector	Free	Minion	General	 Druid	8 	8 	8 	
Taunt I dare you to attack Darnassus.
Mind Control	Free	Spell		 Priest	10 			
Take control of an enemy minion. Nominated as "Spell Most Likely to Make Your Opponent Punch the Wall."